Hi there! Californian here, so I cannot tell you what it'll cost. However, I have cervical cancer, so I get a colposcopy twice per year. 

I've heard mixed things for colposcopies. Some find them to be rather painless, while I find them to be painful. However, this could be due to damaged cells. Who knows. 

For the colp, they will have you undress from the waist down and hop into the stirrups. Do not be alarmed by the bizarre things they have in the office. It's most likely just the colposcope, which is kind of like a magnifying glass with a light attached and a camera to take pictures of your cervix. 

They will most likely put vinegar or iodine on your vagina/cervix. This allows them to see things more clearly. It will also sting, but not for more than 30 seconds. 

If this is all you are having done (plus the ultrasound), then you do not have to worry about pain. 

However, if they find something abnormal, or are being ultra cautious, they might also perform a cervical punch biopsy or "punch". This is what I find to be painful. 

The beginning of the punch is exactly like the colposcopy: the doc inserts a speculum and swabs the vaginal walls/cervix with a solution that removes excess mucus and helps highlight any abnormal areas (if they haven't done so during your colposcopy. This is the vinegar). It may cause a burning feeling. Again, it's not horrible. 

The colposcope is passed through the speculum and focused on the cervix. Your doc will note abnormal areas and photograph or sketch any abnormalities.

For the punch, a special scissors-like instrument (biopsy forceps) is inserted through the speculum or colposcope and used to snip tiny specimens approximately the size of half a grain of rice, from selected sites on the cervix. I find these to be quite painful. However, I've asked my doc to let me know "when to cough" as it greatly reduces the amount of discomfort.

Following a biopsy, your doctor may apply pressure or use special solutions or a cautery device to control any bleeding. You will leave wearing a GIANT pad and will discharge a yellowy brown mess for a couple days. It's normal. 

The whole thing takes about 10-15 minutes.