I'm a boyfriend to a young woman who is/was teaching at inner city schools.

Basically, she has been long-term subbing at one of several "rough" schools in our area over the past couple of years, but hasn't quiet landed a full-time job.

These schools have a high percentage of minority student population. Mostly Hispanic/Latino, Asian (Filipino, Hmong, Vietnamese), and African American. Many of these students come from low income housholds, often with parents that have only a high school education or less. She has worked at both middle, and high-schools.

And to be honest, I've never been highly concerned for her safety or well-being. Not because I don't care, but because I haven't seen a reason for her to fear anything herself. Now, does she have students who have behavioral issues that are greater than more affluent schools? Yes. Does she a lot of disengaged students *and* parents who are uninterested in their student's success? Yes, and yes. Are their occasionally fights between students? Yes. But, safety has never been a major concern for either of us. 

When you start at a new school, the first thing you will do is meet with all of the other teachers and staff form your department/subject. These teachers will give you a better impression of what to expect in your classroom. If you have a difficult student or class, and my GF has had many, you really need strong support from your administration to handle these situations. My GF has worked at schools that had poor support from her Admin, and *that* was the main reason she didn't want to return to that school, not necessarily because of the students themselves.

I should note that my GF went to private catholic school her whole life, until College. Pretty sheltered in comparison to some.

But to be honest, your BF just sounds like he has some racial hesitations that he needs to work on. It can be really, *really,* hard to get people to admit if they have prejudices. Instead, try to share your experiences with him of all the students who touch your life. My GF is regularly telling me of the student who has been working really hard to get their grade up so they can play sports, or of another student who begins to do extra credit assignments after having a one-on-one conversation about their effort in class. Or how at the end of the semester, your students share with you how much they are going to miss you, etc.

There are so many positive experiences in teaching. Really, it is why so many pursue the profession. Share these experiences and try to open his eyes that it isn't about race, it's about achievement.