Note: Please understand, the following post may be a bit harsh. It's coming from someone that can relate, possibly a bit too much, with your sister. This may be a long read, I'm sorry for that, but my heart is breaking for her, and I'm glad she does have a sister willing to step up, admit her wrongs, and reach out a hand to help her. 


>She has crippling social anxiety

That'd be cause your dad and siblings (and at one point you as well) were dicks. She has apparently spent many of the formative years of her life being abused and bullied by the people that are *supposed to love and accept her*. Apologizing won't help much, you will have to prove (possibly repeatedly) that you do realize that you were being a dick and that you understand that she doesn't deserve that kind of crap. She will probably be very hesitant to accept any form of help from you, mainly because for a period of time, you were one of the abusers as well. 

I'm not calling you a bad person, I think it's pretty awesome that you realized you were being abusive, and have stopped. We all do fucked up things at some point in our lives, and you (and your siblings) were basically programmed to think of her as the scapegoat, the butt of a joke. *That will not change overnight.* It will take months or years for her to begin to understand that she is *NOT* her father's opinion of her, that she is a person in her own right, with or without his help, love or even acceptance. 

There is a very good chance that the reason she thinks she can't leave at 18 is because her self-worth is *so* damaged by things at this point, that she honestly believes she is a sub-human, not capable of taking care of herself on her own, and not worthy of anyone's help to do so. My suggestion would be this: If it is possible for you to arrange it, and she agrees to it, have her stay with you on weekends. Even if it's only one or two a month, something to get her out of that house and away from the situation. Even though it's only a weekend, it'd be a good start. If that's not possible, set up times that she *can* stay with you, or spend the day with you. You don't have to take her out to places, let her suggest where to go/what to do (so that you can be sure it's in HER comfort zone). Library, movies, or even just chilling at your house watching Netflix could be a good start to rebuilding a bond between you that will allow her to trust you enough to really help her. If you can talk to your siblings about their behaviour, and know that it will *not make the problem worse*, do so now. If you can, sit down and have a talk with HER, directly. Tell her that you know what you did in the past is wrong, and that you are sorry for it, and that you want to be closer to her as a sibling. **Be prepared for her to reject it.** Accept it, and keep trying. Understand that she has had no reason to trust you very much in the past, and that it will take work on both of your parts to repair that relationship. 


On that note, I'm happy that you are trying OP, I really am. It's a shitty situation, and I'm not blaming you (OR any of your siblings) for your behaviours. We learn what our parents teach us for the majority of our lives, I just really hope you two can repair that bond and move past your dad's shitty behaviour. ~hugs to both of you~