There is sexism in physics. You're probably looking more for something useful to do about it rather than just a "yes- it happens".

Maybe worthwhile looking at the causes. 

Much is just that people aren't used to women in the field. There is a difference, to some degree, to how women and men prepare and organize their thinking on these matters, so breaking into the field with somewhat different expectations and methods can be a trial.

Next,.. well much of the problem isn't sexism as much as nerdism and rarity. If a decent guy shows up in an all female office he'll be hunted like a white antelope. Women are rare in most physics areas.  The hours are long and lots of scientific installations are isolated. Why is it a mystery that men might hit on the few even remotely possible women?

How to deal with the situation?? Well find what your strengths are. Work with them. There are advantages to being a women in that field. Groups are under pressure to balance their numbers in many ways, so a competent women won't find it difficult to get offers for jobs or positions. As for resolving getting hit on all the time,...I dunno.  Try not to allow it to disturb your goals. Be safe and avoid trouble but think ahead about situations that will naturally lead towards difficulty. Keep your head up so nasty situations don't have an opportunity to foment and create career problems for a bunch of people. Don't accept favors or rides if those wouldn't be offered to a guy in the same situation. Be conscious about subtle offers to be involved in a non-work situation. 

Try not to be a pain with the "sexism" biz. Guys will tolerate almost any type of oddball or derogatory statements presented to them, simply to be part of a conversation with a women. Managers and people trying to get things done don't always put up with low level abuse along those lines. If you don't think its abuse because you're just educating someone,..well that's abuse.

Edit: What might help is just to ask to create a more welcoming place, or find one within your target workplace or institution. Sometimes feeling welcome requires building a bit of a spot yourself. Ask for a room for women to study in, or collaborate. Organize girls nights out with people on similar career track. Get parking spots set-out near the building so you can get into the place at night easily. Simple accommodation makes people feel they belong. It doesn't have to be a big deal, but even something minor, like moving big trash barrels away from the entrances to the women's washroom,.. well that can matter.