So, I have a similar dad. I moved out as soon as possible even though I couldn't really afford it, because being in debt was better than living under his roof. He's like a sociopath; charming when he wants to be and a complete fucking nutcase when he doesn't. I recently (a few months ago) made the decision to stop talking to him entirely.

He used to text and call me to scream and yell at me. By this time, I lived on the opposite side of the country from him (my dad being in Ontario and me being in British Columbia) and I, for some reason, would just put up with it, because he was my dad. Even though I was gaining exactly nothing from the few times we spoke, I still picked up the phone and answered his texts, even if I knew he was only interested in a fight. Whenever I would try to just stop talking to him altogether, my family would tell me to get over myself and talk to him because he was my father, and I couldn't cut him out of my life just because he was an asshole.

But you know what I found out? You totally can. 

My life has been so much better since I decided to stop talking to my dad, because the less I hear or see from him, the less anxiety I feel, and it has made a huge improvement to my quality of life. The pressure I get from my family to let him be a part of my life simply because we are related is nothing compared to the anxiety I feel when I know he could text/call me at any time and ruin my day. Now, I see something from him and I just delete it. 

You might have to put up with him for now if you're not willing to move out. What I did to get through this period when I knew I needed to leave but couldn't leave immediately (I was in high school still when I was living with my dad, and rather than try and go to school and live on my own, I knew it was in my best interest to stay, even if he was violent) was learn to smile and nod. This type of person has huge control issues, and when something leaves their control, like when somebody disagrees with them on something, they lose their freaking minds because they don't know how to deal with the uncomfortableness, frustration, or anger that they feel. So, don't make them feel uncomfortable, frustrated, or angry, if you at all can help it. Even if they're wrong, tell them they're right. Even if what they said was unfair, just smile and nod. And then, when you're ready to leave, you don't ever have to speak to him again. 

You should never just drop someone in your family for making a mistake. I had forgiven my dad for a million things that he had done to destroy our family before I decided that his violent temper and his terrible treatment of not just me, but his own parents, my mom, and my brother and sister, were just too much for me to handle. You also shouldn't have to let someone ruin your life just because you share some of the same DNA.

You should look into getting a place somewhere cheap, even if that means moving far away from home. I only work ~20 hours a week because the job market is terrible where I live, but I can afford my own place - it just means I don't get any extras. You can find a roommate online if you need to split something. You can get a personal line of credit that you can use just until you can find a full-time job. Maybe you can stay on a friend's couch for a couple weeks while you look for something. If it's really that bad, you'll be willing to make a lot of sacrifices to leave as soon as possible. 