I feel compelled to respond. So much so that I finally made an account after lurking for many years on reddit and never feeling the need to get in the conversation because usually all points are covered pretty well. 

NFP* is highly effective for avoiding pregnancy when used to avoid pregnancy (98%+ perfect use)  and really good for achieving pregnancy when used to achieve pregnancy. You say that you mistook mucus for semen that day and therefore got pregnant. In the Creighton model, after intercourse you are supposed to do Kegel exercises to evacuate the excess semen so as to avoid confusion the following days, and then anything you see after that you have to chart on it's merits. You may have thought it was semen but according to the method, you would have had to chart it as peak type mucus anyway. After that, you can decide whether to abstain (if you want to postpone pregnancy) or to abandon the method to postpone pregnancy and adopt the method to achieve pregnancy (by having intercourse on a "fertile day"). That's one of the great things about NFP is that it's always up to the couple to decide what they want to do with the information. I'm not sure what method you were using or how methods other than the Creighton model handles seminal fluid but I'd be surprised if it's not similar. 

Another thing I wanted to point out to this thread in general is that I'm surprised there's not more backlash about her boyfriend giving her this ultimatum! I figured more people would be on the "you should make your own choices about your fertility care and not feel like someone is forcing you to do something you're uncomfortable with."
That's certainly the camp I'm in - imagine if a boyfriend gave an ultimatum about whether or not to have an abortion and someone came here for advice. I bet the tone would be different. OP has some good reasons for not wanting to be on hormonal birth control and we should encourage her to make the decision that's best for her and her partner and not feel like she's obligated to get in the pill or other bc because that is what's most common. OP: Stick with NFP if you think that's best - and at least I'm one who thinks it is. Also, if your periods are really bad, see a OB-GYN that is specifically trained in NFP / NaPro technology because you may hormonal imbalances now which can be helped or corrected but many doctors will prescribe the pill as a fix all. The pill will hide those problems but they'll pop up again when you go off the pill. 

*Creighton model, Billing ovulation method and sympto-thermal pretty much cover my definition but there are other methods. 