Hi. As much as I hate to say it, I can relate to this... My girlfriend and I just broke up tonight. Shes christian, I'm not. We'd have been together for two years 7 months if we had made it until tomorrow. We had a wonderful relationship, shes my best friend, and when we had disagreements, we talked things out. We had two arguments our entire time together which lasted maybe half an hour each, if that, and being with her has led me to some of the greatest moments of my life and helped me to truly develop into a better person. 

a little over two weeks ago, she told me that her parents had both been speaking with her and how she needs to think about how her relationship with me is affecting her relationship with Christ. We talked about it a few days later which ended with a really ambiguous and confusing "break up". The words were never said, and it only got to that point when I finally asked her "Do you want things to end, you just don't want to be the one to end it?". She didn't even answer that, just looked at me. We didn't talk for a week, until I broke down and texted her. Since then, we had been chatting and had a few serious talks about us. During the time since the ambiguous break up, I've been doing a lot of thinking, and getting advice. I met with her sister and talked with her and a pastor separately and asked them for advice on how I could reduce the tension and show her how much I care, and try to share in her faith while not believing it, and ended up writing her a long (for me) letter. I would have married this girl. 

She tells me she loves me, and how she really does want to be with me, but that she feels at peace with us separating. As things were ending and she was going to leave tonight, I told her I hope she finds what shes looking for. Her answer was "I already have in so many ways". I don't really even know what to think anymore. 

I guess the long story short is you're not alone. I hope that things work out the way you want them to. It's a really shit situation to have to experience and go through. If you want to talk to someone and have a sob fest, I wouldn't mind having someone to chat with. I wish you the best of luck.