I think you're correct that we agree more than disagree, but let's step through it:

> To start, you said she doesn't even really need to consider his opinion.

If that's how that read to you, I didn't intend it that way. What I meant was that, as it was presented, the original discussion seemed ultimatum-y ("Keep the kid or lose me") and, ultimatums being a form of manipulation and not helpful, I was not sure his opinion (as a manipulator) should be taken as valid. I'm willing to concede that this may have been my misinterpretation. I also agree with your point that she should have as much information as possible when making the final decision, including the effect on their relationship.

> Another small point I find worth making is that you are assuming that when she has the baby, "all other parts of life for her will lose meaning" for her.

I will concede that this may have been dramatic (it's a fault). What I was attempting to express is that, if she chose to have the child, there would be real practical limitations put on her current set of goals, an assumption I'm operating on because she seems to be as well. Given that, the assumption is that having the child will somehow make up for that, implying her current goals (which she has expressed are important to her) are less important to their overall happiness than his interest in this child. It's a matter of priorities. If you're a good parent I believe your goals have to, to a certain extent, take a backseat to the well being of your child, and my point was you better be damn willing to make that choice, and that no one should force you into it. 

> You said, "people in stressful situations need reassurance of what they've done well.."

The second half of that sentence, " as well as criticism of what they haven't," is of monumental importance to the overall meaning. That said, criticism by itself will put people on the defensive, which generally makes them more reactive and less mindful. I didn't, at the time, judge that to be a helpful path to take. 

>  It sounded like you were basically telling her that respecting her boyfriends feeling were a nice albeit unnecessary touch.

If that's how it read then I expressed it badly.

>  Because suddenly he doesn't have a chance at being mature, because ultimately it isn't his decision, and if he isn't making a decision then he isn't being mature(by your definition of mature). 

Ahh, but he is making a decision. Being honest about your feelings doesn't preclude tact. If she is feeling upset enough to ask internet strangers for advice, then I am willing to wager she is feeling emotionally abandoned--a situation he created with the way he expressed his feelings. This IS stressful for him too, and he SHOULD express how he feels about it, but there is no need to make her feel worse about it. Look at the language:

>  he said he felt like I was rejecting a piece of him and abandoning a child-our child. 

>  if I abort he's not sure if we can stay together.

The alternatives to these statements, in my head, look something like: "I see a future where we are married, have children and are happy, and I see no reason we shouldn't go for that now." "I'm not sure I support your decision as you have laid it out, maybe we should talk to someone about it." I think the way he expressed himself denotes a selfish attitude, rather than a willingness to compromise, and compromise is the cornerstone of a strong relationship. It might be that this is a deal breaker for him, and if that's the case then the relationship likely won't work, but he should be supportive of her in the immediate either way, if only because regardless of the outcome, she's got basically all of the immediate hardship.

> He let her explain her reasons for making her choice to abort, told her how he feels, told her that it may end the relationship, and he told her he needs time to decide whether or not he wants to come with her(and while I would come with for support, if he has a moral objection to abortion I can understand his reasons for not wanting to come.

See, I can't understand it. If the outcome of the pregnancy is a birth, he's there in full, but if it's a termination she's on her own? Does his moral objection to abortion absolve him of the implicit responsibility of having sex? What if he had a moral objection to parenthood?

> My point is, your definition of maturity was unfair and lead to what you wanted the outcome to be.

I stand by my assertion that maturity is the ability to be aware of your self in the context of your impact on others and the world around you, and being willing to deal with the consequences. Perhaps including the word 'decision' in that definition narrowed the scope too far, but it was intended as a single application of a more general rule, which I may not have expressed well.
