Just a thought: although lowered sex drive is a common side-effect of zoloft... might it also be possible that you're experiencing this decrease in sex drive not because of the zoloft but because of the depression/anxiety?

Also, do NOT skip a day or two-- that is TERRIBLE advice and it can lead to very bad things and probably won't actually help at all. 

Maybe see about different SSRI's if you feel comfortable with it-- especially if this is your first time taking them, I understand there's a tendency to kind of cling to the first pill that seems to work-- and that's fine to an extent-- again, don't do anything you're not comfortable with-- *but* from personal experience I can tell you that just trying a different pill could easily help (assuming the sertraline is the problem here).

Last, it sounds to me like this is one of those relatively common moments in under-30 relationships where, for whatever reason, one person is dealing with heavy shit that the other simply hasn't experienced yet and therefore cannot relate to.

I can't say for sure that this will work-- it might be that the only way your boy will learn/grow here is the hard way (i.e. you dumping him)-- but before it comes to that, my suggestion is to lay out *everything* for him. 

Tell him flat out that you don't know for how long your sex drive will be like this-- maybe a few months, maybe a year, maybe longer-- you can't possibly know and that's not your fault. Tell him that right now his behavior is making you feel guilty and ashamed when you have to tell him 'no'. 

And then, well, I don't know if there's a way to tell him this exactly, but for you, I want to say: one of the difficult things about long-term relationships is that, inevitably, everyone changes. And, despite what the after-school specials taught us, asking people to change a little to make things work is OK... I would say you're asking him to change in this situation-- and that's fine, even *good*-- and maybe he'll do it, maybe he won't... But either way it might help you come to terms with it if you try to imagine yourself in his shoes. Think of the girl you were when you first met him-- would that girl have wanted to date a guy who only wants it 2-3 times a week?

Its true-- 2-3 times a week is perfectly healthy-- but I'm just saying, as frustrating as this is, try to stay cool and patient and give him the time he probably needs to grow/change/get over it.

Hope that helps.