Buffy, by virtue of being on TV for fourteen million seasons of TV has her low points and is an imperfect example, but was a huge inspiration to me when I used to watch the show. She was physically strong, and that was great, but she used her strength against jerks, which was better. She beat up demons and vampires that were at times obvious representations of creepy sexual predators and classroom bullies. She had friends who were allowed to be strong and interesting in their own right, and a family that meant something to her. She came out of her ditzy shell and seemed not to get smarter, but to stop acting dumb. A lot of us were told that smart girls don't get love, and it was cool to see her grow as a person until she was comfortable enough with who she was to let the outside reflect the inside. She dressed cool but I don't remember thinking, "Wow, that's unnecessary!" because she was constantly flashing skin. I know she wore some things I wouldn't wear, but I don't think it was overly played for T&A. 

The way she handled (some spoillery, so I'll be vague) personal challenges on the show meant a lot to me when I watched it as a teen. She struggled but she wasn't broken. Again, it was a long-running TV show that was preceeded by a movie and continued in a comic, so she's not this shining unblemished vision of female power - she had very horrible things happen to her. She just always seemed to get through it in a real way. 

For my futuredaughter, I'll probably suggest Buffy, though I bet by the time she's old enough for the tougher things in it she'll probably not want to see something so old fashioned looking. I'll probably try to get her into Sailor Moon, too, because beautiful ladies who fight crime and are great friends and talking cats. It's probably more palatable since it's a kid's show and a cartoon. 

EDIT: Oh, and Black Widow in Captain America 2 is so much greater than in the Avengers! Her role was a lot more central and her talents more important to the plot. I loved seeing her do more than be sexy and be dwarfed by the superpowers around her. 