So, one of my sisters is furry.  **Very** furry.  What's more, she's always been furry.  I'm pretty sure I still have the drawing 6-year-old me made of my new baby sister in the delivery room, complete with long, lush back hair.  

All her life, the rest of the family danced around the issue of my sister's hair. She was an adorable child, with an equally adorable thick layer of dark peach fuzz coating her top to bottom.  When she was a toddler, we complimented her fuzzy little arms and crossed our finger that the fuzz wouldn't get thicker.  By the time she was 7 or 8, her leg hair was as dark and thick as any of her teenaged siblings, and the fuzz on her lower back had grown to a visible tuft.  We hid all the razors in the house and hair removal became a taboo subject.  Later, she developed a visible mustache, the fuzz on her shoulders thickened, and she grew a thick trail down her stomach.  We worried she might get picked on, or become self-conscious.  We alternated between letting our own body hair grow in solidarity, and casually mentioning when we shaved/waxed/bleached around my sister. This went on well into her mid-teens.  We all thought she was adorable, but what would the world think?

We needn't have worried so much.  It turns out, the girl has a buttload of quiet confidence.  Apart from shaving her underarms (irregularly), she's never bothered with any kind of hair removal/treatment.  She's had no trouble finding willing partners, and says her fuzz is "the softest asshole test".  About a year ago, she walked in on me shaving my legs, and joked "yeeeahhh, I tried that once....you know what your cat would look like with shaved legs?  Imagine that with boobs".    I was floored - I'd spent years worrying about all the teasing and nastiness and hair removal she'd go through, and here was my baby sister making cat jokes.  She'd figured out what we should have known all along - it's just hair, no big deal.

So yes, women can grow hair everywhere. And with a healthy dose of don't-give-a-shit, we can OWN that hair.  And be soft like cats :)  Don't let your fur slow you down.

