I recommend finding a resturant/bar with a low-key atmosphere. Go there once a week or so and eat at the bar, you don't have to drink or pretend to be super sociable. 

Maintain a presence, talk to the waitstaff, etc. it is their job to be friendly. 

If/when a guy starts to talk to you, capitalize on the fact that you like video games! Guys that are into video games (most of them are) will think you are 30% more attractive automatically! More generally, be interested in what they find interesting. If that happens to be League of Legends, then bonus. If not, try to find out what they like and talk about that.

Also note that some guys that are also introverts may be too intimidated by the prospect of talking to someone they don't know to actually break the ice. You may need to start up a conversation with the guy who sits a few seats down. If you start with "Hey, did you play the [insert recent Zelda title]?" Some guys (perhaps up to 50%) might not know what your are talking about, and that might get weird. The rest will instantly think you are super awesome. This is either a strike or home run, it will either be terrible or fantastic, no middle ground. Be emotionally prepared when things work out wrong (or right).

Also note that guys may not admit it, but they rank the "attractiveness level" of the girl they are talking to relative to their own. A very nerdy supermodel might think Zelda is super interesting and talk to you for 4 hours about it, but it wont get you very far. Don't take that personally. Play in your league and you will have success. Alternately, there are few substitutes for simply improving your league. If no one talks to you, or things persistently don't work out, you may want to consider a lifestyle change. 

edit: "Hey do you like Zelda" might be a little bit too forward. A better plan would sound something like: "I've been playing [insert game title] recently. It is a pretty interesting game because [insert various reasons]." If he has any brains at all, he will either engage directly with the game you are talking about or he will slightly shift the conversation by saying something like "Oh, I gather you are an Xbox fan." Take it from there.