Is a surprise proposal something you have both discussed? When I got engaged it was not a mainstream proposal but a series of conversations leading to our decision to announce that we were officially engaged. I understand this is not what everybody expects or wants, but is it possible your boyfriend does not know your expectations? You said you had clearly discussed marriage, but I want to clarify if that includes both of your expectations about what getting engaged will be like. Have you talked to your fiance about your feelings?

I can imagine that would be really distracting and frustrating when you feel like you are preoccupied with getting engaged and continually disappointed when you aren't. Besides keeping up with the Joneses, can you think of any other reason you might be antsy to get engaged? It might just be the social comparisons, but usually there is some real anxiety underlying those kinds of comparisons. That doesn't mean there is something wrong with your relationship, but it's worth reflecting on what getting engaged means to you. Whenever it comes to the emotional aspects of engagements and marriage, I recommend the book ["The Conscious Bride" by Sheryl Paul](http://www.amazon.com/The-Conscious-Bride-Feelings-Getting/dp/1572242132). I encourage you to be honest with yourself; only you can really know what it means. 

The more you pay attention to these thoughts, the stronger and more prevalent they are in your mind. Pathways in the brain fire faster the more you focus on/attend to them, so basically the little bundle of brain cells that is devoted to weddings is in overdrive. When you notice you are thinking about weddings or getting engaged, try shifting your attention to other things, like observing the present moment, appreciating sensations in your body, or even deliberately seeking out other activities/interests. Other tips on dealing with obsessive thoughts are journaling, meditation, exercise, setting realistic limits (I can go on pinterest for 5 minutes a day, or something like that).

I hope something in there helped :)