(((hugs)))

50 yr old happily married woman weighing in.  I didn't even meet my husband until I was 40.

The only guys who believe in the red pill philosophy are red pillers - i.e. guys you don't want any part of.  YUCK

Now, I will tell you - the philosophy "   it'll happen when it's supposed to happen...most of the happy couples that I know met naturally, not when they were trying."  ---- DOes that work for your job?  Say, you want to be a lawyer - 'it'll happen when it's supposed to happen' - does that mean not go to law school?  Not get on the law review?  Not intern at a good law firm?  Not research which type of law you want (family/environment/IP/criminal/etc)?  NO.  You have to prepare yourself.

Now, if you are sitting at home expecting Mr Right to knock on the door and say "Hello 30yoloser, I'm here to sweep you off your feet" you are being extremely unrealistic.  

FIRST thing you have to do is learn about yourself.  Who are you?  What are you passionate about?  What makes you sing when you get up in the morning?  Is it advocating for the poor?  or writing that perfect piece of coding?  Or Getting that painting just perfect?  

You have the education and career - now I will say that I am a huge advocate of a relationship being a nice-to-have in life, not a must-have.  Kinda like power windows in a car.  My car runs great and gets me where I'm going without them, but they are nice to have and make life a bit more enjoyable.  

What I did - I did the online dating thing. It's a numbers game.  I would receive about 8 emails to find 1 guy who was worth emailing more (most of them were 1 word emails or someone who had never read my profile).       
It would take about 8 guys worth emailing to find 1 worth moving to a phone call (That's 64 initial emails in case you're counting).      
It would take about 8 good phone conversations to find 1 worth meeting in person (okay, 512 initial emails)      
It would take about 8 first dates to find 1 worth dating seriously who thought I was worth dating seriously (4096 initial emails)

Thats a lot of guys to wade through.  I did the online dating thing for over 10 years.  I had several guys ask me to marry them, only 3 real engagements and of course, my wonderful marriage.

My standards are very high.  According to some of my friends, excessively high.  However, I am now living the life of my dreams and they aren't, so I wouldn't say that my standards are too high.  They were just right for me. I would rather be single than be with the wrong person.

I tried to average 2-3 initial dates (coffee or lunch dates) per week.  Meet in a public place with a place to go after 1 hour and a person to check in with when that hour was up.  If the date is going great - it gives both of you something to look forward to.  If it isn't going well - it gives you an easy out.  If he stands you up, you were getting lunch/coffee anyway, so no loss no foul, and you eliminated another guy who isn't right for you.

And keep an eye out for Mick Jagger!  You are definitely his target demographic!! 



