I got down voted so hard on a post about a woman who said she went out with a reddit meet up. She was with her bf and stumbling, slurring, blacked out for a period (she doesn't remember if she was talking to anyone while an "assault" happened, etc. She said a guy put his hand on her butt for  blocks while her bf was 10 feet in front of her (they were all walking home). 

In essence I said, maybe you should drink less and be more assertive "like hey don't put your hand on my ass or go find your bf. Oh god bring out the pitchforks. Now I'm a victim blamer. Would i say that to a rape victim were the questions, why does she have to *change* her behavior, etc. Then someone said it's sexual assault if someone touches you and you don't want them to.

I think that is the most broad definition of sexual assault i have ever heard. I think maybe its sexual assault if I say "please don't touch me there" and it continues. And also she doesn't even remember the entire time being blacked out. Maybe he was helping her walk because her bf wasn't paying attention.

To answer their questions, no I would not say that to a rape victim. Yes I think its reasonable for women (who want to try to be safer) to avoid drinking excessively, stick with a friend if you are in a group you don't know, watch your drinks (oh my god now I'm blaming date rape victims), and sorry, but also learn how to stand up for yourself. I don't think its very fair to have a hand on your butt for 3 blocks, not say anything, and then claim sexual assault. 

And yes what he did was wrong. Im not justifying pervy men's behavior. The main lesson is to avoid situations where you put yourself at risk (IMO).How is that so crazy to say? We tell women, don't go down dark alleys, if you see a van on your drivers side climb through the other side, never put your drink down, don't sit in parking lots, etc. Can we add don't drink too much especially when you're with a new crowd? Is it fair that men don't have to worry about those things? Fuck no, but we can cry about the injustice all we want. It doesn't change the fact that these things happen and men take advantage of women everyday. 