Write whore and slut on toilet paper. Wipe your ass with it. Now flush it down the toilet. 

Modern shaming of women for their sexuality in part comes from the age old Puritan norms of controlling women's sexuality for the purpose of ensuring that acts of reproduction were done within marriage so children wouldn't end up being fostered by the local community. This dates back hundreds of years to when contraception wasn't as reliable. Societies used this in order to enforce accountability and family structure as well as a mechanism to use women as property. 

These words are sexist and support sexist institutions when women were treated as cattle. We are sexual human beings. At times equally as horny and sexual, at others even more so, than men. It is perfectly normal for you to love sex and want sex and you're not wrong for doing so. 

Let me tell you a story of my personal journey in all this. I *loved* masturbating as a little girl. I'd do it 3-4 times a day until I moved into a college dorm with 2 other roommates (oh how I suffered!). I started before I really knew what I was doing and gradually felt more and more guilty because of it. I had heard that it was wrong and a sin. I couldn't help it and did it anyway but felt shittier and shittier. I felt like a bad person. We women are told that we shouldn't feel this way and if you do you're weird and wrong. We're told to feel guilty and discouraged from exploring what feels good for us. Instead we're told that boys are the ones who should feel good. Boys are encouraged to explore their sexuality. This is sexism. 

It took me years to realize this and accept it, and it may take you time as well. You aren't alone. Many women say they don't experience orgasm until 20s or 30s simply because they felt too guilty to explore their sexuality. Men on the other hand are encouraged to explore themselves and statistically reach orgasm at a much younger age despite experiencing puberty at a later time than women. 

Once I moved out of my parents' house I was free of a lot of the Conservative notions I was raised with. I was more free to accept and explore myself in college and it was a wonderful experience. I don't feel regret or dirty. I'm very happy with my sexuality and don't feel obligated to follow some age old sexist custom. You need to decide for yourself what you want and try to separate your bedroom activities from all the many voices who are going to tell you what's right and wrong. 

You're never going to be good enough for those voices. "Too slutty, too girly, too weak, not pretty enough, too prude, too simple, too crazy, too fat, too skinny....." We're bombarded with this shit and it's important to build a wall between the way you see yourself and the way others would like you to see yourself. 

Judge yourself by your own standards, not by someone else's. If you love sex and exploring your sexuality then hold that dear to your heart and don't let the shit get through your impenetrable force field. 