You're going to be fine. You are doing the right thing by keeping up on your health and going to the gynecologist. That's awesome!   

The unfortunate thing about HPV is there are literally HUNDREDS of strains. It lives on the skin, meaning you can get it from just rubbing genitals, which is why condoms aren't super effective against it, like other STIs. This is also why it's more prevalent.   

But luckily it's not that scary, because most young people in their early 20s have kickass immune systems that will clear the virus without any treatment. Yay!   

There are different "levels" of HPV, if you will. You can have atypical cells, low-risk HPV, and high-risk HPV. High risk DOES NOT mean you have cancer, or even pre-cancerous cells *at this time* - it just means that you have an increased likelihood of developing precancerous cells. Cervical cancer is a veeerrrryyyyy slow-growing cancer if you did have it, which you don't.   

I had an abnormal pap when I was 21 and had to get a follow-up pap every 6 months until I was 23. During that time I had a couple of colposcopies, which are a biopsy on your cervix. They set you up like a pap and then use this special device that extracts a bit of your cervix so they can get a closer look at the cells. It hurts a bit, and you have weird cramping and goo they apply afterwards, but nothing you can't handle!

When I was 23 my HPV changed from low-risk to high-risk, which meant time for a LEEP. In this procedure they remove any atypical cells to try and clear the virus. In most cases this procedure is enough to eliminate any risk of developing precancerous cells. I got knocked out for it, so I don't remember the procedure, but most women can handle it with local anaesthesia (I'm just a wimp).

Since the LEEP my paps have been normal! You are going to be OKAY and may not even need any further procedures done! Since my ordeal, the recommended frequency has changed due to over-treatment of young women (see comment from /u/gabbythefck ). If you have HPV, they recommend a re-pap every year until it's normal. If you have normal paps and are in a monogamous relationship, then you get a pap every three years. If you're super worried you can get another one in 6 months, but chances are you will still have an abnormal pap. This worrying IS NOT worth it! Give your body time to try and fight it on its own.   

That sucks your doctor is not communicative with you. Shame on him. You and your boyfriend are going to be fine. You can't reinfect each other or give it back and forth. You both have the same strain, most likely, and that's that. It sucks but it's not dirty or something to be ashamed of. In fact, HPV can lay dormant for years, so who knows when you originally contracted it - it's not worth worrying over.   

I hope you find some peace of mind! My sister, myself and a lot of my friends have gone through the HPV scare. Relax and keep up on your re-paps and you'll do just fine! 