I just typed a long comment in response to one that said this post was "going too far" because body hair shouldn't be an issue of rights or oppression, and how it is nbd because men just happen to like women without body hair. When I tried to post my reply, the comment had already been deleted, but I wanted to share my response nonetheless. So here is my feminist interpretation on the issue of women's body hair, and the extent to which beauty expectations can be said to be oppressive:

> Feminist scholar Marilyn Frye describes the experiences of oppressed people as "the living of one's life is confined and shaped by forces and barriers which are not accidental or occasional and hence avoidable, but are systematically related to each other in such a way as to catch one between and among them and restrict or penalize motion in any direction."

> I would argue that, to some extent, beauty expectations of women are the larger system in which notions of body hair is a part. Beauty expectations represent the way that others  (men and women alike) attempt to control or have say over particular women's bodies. Either the woman conforms to the beauty expectations, and spends time and wages on embodying those expectations, even if they interfere with other interests, are too expensive, or are painful/harmful in other ways; or she doesn't, and receives adverse treatment from others as a result. None of these conditions are necessarily the case in terms of beauty expectations, but that these particular experiences are pervasive for many women is well documented. 

> Regarding body hair specifically, from a young age, girls are taught to regard their body hair  as gross, ugly, and/or shameful. Shaving is time consuming, razors are expensive, and if you have sensitive skin, you either deal with razor burn or buy even more products to try and treat it. Conversely, women who choose not to shave May be treated poorly, seen as unhygienic, or asked to justify their decision (again suggesting that others view their opinion of women's bodies as equally valid to that of the woman herself).  

>The issue, then, is that women's body hair is dominantly defined as gross and shameful, it isn't just a question of personal preference. If it were dominantly defined as preference, girls would be taught to choose whether they wanted to shave or not. Further, reducing the issue to just being about how to attract a partner only exacerbates the problematic features of how women's body hair is dominantly defined. It's saying that body hair undesirable because other people have determined it as such, and are imposing their expectations onto someone else's body. This isn't to say that people don't get to have their personal preferences, only that for many women, body hair doesn't seem like much of a matter of preference for them. 