HPV is so incredibly common. Basically it is a virus that upwards of 80% of people WILL HAVE at some point in their lives. But most people clear the infection with no problem, and some never even know they had it because they have no symptoms.

Do you know what grade of dysplasia your pap showed? A low grade dysplasia has a fairly high chance of clearing up. It's when it gets to moderate/high grade that it becomes more serious. The step after that is carcinoma in situ, which is an early form of cancer that hasn't tried to spread yet. Then there is full blown cervical cancer.

The fact that your doctor wants you to wait a year makes me think yours is just mild dysplasia. Your doctor isn't going to progress with treatment unless it gets worse. You can help your body have a better chance of clearing it by eating right and exercising. Basically, just try to be healthy. But if it progresses, it isn't the end of the world. 

Last year I had high grade dysplasia. I was terrified. I had never had any thought that something might be wrong. Three months later I had a surgery called a cervical conization to remove a portion of my cervix and found out that in those three months it had progressed to carcinoma in situ. I couldn't believe it. I'd almost had cervical cancer. Recovery took about 8 weeks but I am totally fine now.

The surgery I had was sort of a worst case scenario. Many times they catch this early enough that a procedure called a LEEP is sufficient. It is done in-office (whereas my cervical conization had to be done in a hospital under anesthesia) in under an hour. Basically they take an electrified wire loop and slice off the affected areas of the cervix. It's way less scary than it sounds. The recovery time is minimal. 

So it is very good that you know about this early. Even if it advances you can still take advantage of the less-invasive procedure.

The pain you are experiencing is probably not related. I had no idea I had advanced dysplasia or carcinoma in situ because there are no symptoms.  Cervical cancer can cause pain, but your doctor would know and tell you if your case had progressed to this point. Like I mentioned, their wanting you to not come back for a year sounds like low grade dysplasia. So you need to see a gyno to figure out what that is.

Unfortunately you will never know if your boyfriend has or had HPV. Luckily the strains that affect the cervix very rarely do anything bad to men. (Of course, he could pass the virus onto someone else down the road who could have the same cervical changes you're having, if he stays HPV positive. That is a chance you take with sex, unfortunately.) I spoke with three different doctors and they all said that HPV is incredibly common and that I didn't even need to tell my future partners unless I wanted to, because chances are they've already got it or have had it and cleared it. They just said to be safe with sex. I haven't started dating yet though so I haven't decided how to handle that conversation, or lack thereof. Luckily you have a supportive boyfriend who already knows. :)

Basically, just learn all you can. And if you decide to talk about it with more people, you'll realize that you know several other women who have gone through this. The more I talked, the less scared I was, and the more empowered I felt about taking control of my body. It really gave me a kickstart to get back in shape and to stay healthy and positive. Try to see the positives in the situation. I mean, it could be way worse. You could have not found out and gotten cancer, right? This doesn't have to change your life in any negative way. :)

Also, my gyno recommended folic acid to help keep my body strong to lower my chances of the cell changes coming back (though the surgery has a 95% success rate). 