Let me start things off: 

Im BRAND NEW to reddit. I am interested in it as a platform for feminism. Lately there's been a lot of talk of (enter normal-ass teen girl activity/adjective here)-"shaming". In particular, "slut-shaming" and "fat-shaming" have been hot topics of late. But what about all the other various and sundry shaming we've been subjected to as young women? If I think about it seriously, I realize that the feeling of shame pervaded a great deal of my daily life growing up, and most of it was about stuff my body was just DOING AS A NATURAL MATTER OF COURSE. Why the fuck was I feeling shame about taking a shit? Or having hair on my legs? Or masturbating??

So let me stop rambling and get to my fucking shame story. Somewhere around the age of 12, I realized that if i touched myself a certain way, an AMAZING thing would happen. My mom had this little vibrating accupressure tool (and yes, I really think she used it for this because she is a serious, old school, east asian immigrant) and I would...well you get the picture. It was FUCKING AWESOME. It felt great and it was also incredibly relaxing and for a high-strung kid like me, it was a total godsend. Then my little sister found out what I was doing and told my mom...which is when I learned what the word "masturbation" meant, well, sort of. I was told that what I was doing was disgusting and wrong, and that girls should never, ever masturbate. Being the defiant little shit I was, I basically said fuck the man and kept on doing it. I got ratted out a couple more times but eventually I got too old for my mom to keep having that talk with me. 


Im so glad I didn't let the temporary shame surrounding my first adventures in masturbation to turn me off to it permanently. It was one of the most important things I ever learned to do because I learned to explore my sexuality on my own terms and internalize the fact that I didn't need a man, or any other person for that matter, to experience pleasure. All I needed was something that buzzed a little, and a nice, soft surface upon which to lay (not a fan of the showerhead technique, just doesn't work for me).  I think all young women should be given a vibrator and a basic anatomical diagram from a woman in their life that they trust. 

TL;DR: I was ashamed (for like..a month) about masturbating, but then I got over it and realized how important it was in the development of my sexuality. 