Facepalm. The lack of empathy you have is staggering. Are veterans always able to defend themselves? Are all people veterans? Are all people stronger or more skilled than their threat? What if the people attacking you were veteran Gurkas (please look it up if you do 't know of them)? What if in my initial situation there were 2 other guys sitting behind you, and you unable to see if they were holding a gun or not. But the implied threat was there. Would you risk it? 

The whole point of the implied threat is that you can threaten someone by mere presence without outing your weapon. You don't need a sniper or an overt threat to make it clear to someone that they **may** get the shit kicked out of them or worse if they don't comply. And many people, veterans included, would rather comply than risk getting themselves into a situation where they have more to lose than their wallet. 

And while to you this is clear extortion, is it really? Let's fast forward to a trial. The defense lawyer shouts up and down about how in the defendant's view and all of the bystanders (defendant's friends) he was merely being friendly and asked for a favor. It's than your word against theirs. You think people will convict beyond a shadow of doubt? Fuck, I would not convict since it's clearly a he said he said. 


And THIS is why merely the lack of no does not signify a yes. Fuck an extorted yes does not signify consent. If you are a woman who went into a room to, let's say, sleep off a bit too much to drink, when a friend from your entourage comes in and proceeds to initiate sex and you freeze up  and merely sit there non responsive in fear. Here you were sleeping and a second later you wake up to a 100 pound heavier man touching you without consent. He tells you throughout his completely one sided advances he KNOWS you want this, and thaf everybody at the party saw it too and that everyone knows what you two are doing here mutually. He basically force feeds you a version you realize you have trouble fighting against. And you realize if you fight back, you might get injured and pain and that's scary. But worse still you might make a scene and have your entire entourage look at you like a fake rape accuser or a flimsy bitch who can't decide what she wants. And that nobody will believe what happened. So you are frozen in fear and in pain and you close your eyes and wish this wasn't happening.

Are you fucking telling me that is not rape? Because I can guarantee you in the rapists' eyes you WERE flirting and you did not just go to the room to sleep it off and you NEVER SAID NO OR FOUGHT BACK. Fuck it, many rapists will conjure even fake positive responses and say you were obviously into it. Some rape victims will ask for a condom so they at least do 't get pregnant and this is often seen as a sign of consent. 


So please put down your military experience and think about context. Fuck it, rapes happen in the military too. If a new female recruit is in the shower and her superior comes in and initiates sex without getting a yes first you think he is not raping her? If she knows her career hangs on his word and she knows he is the kind of vindictive dick who would punish her for saying no, you think her submitting is consent? There is a reason these things are illegal. Because when power imbalances exist the weaker person gets fucked and the powerful one acts like it was a fair trade. 