I kind of hate this video.

I am entirely pro-choice and it dismays me how the US chips away at access to abortion in little niggly ways, making it nearly impossible to access for many, and wrapping it up in the veil of the neocon movement that the last five years or so has arisen on the back of Sarah Palin et al. I always want women to have a choice. However, I hate abortion debates on either side because they are filled with fallacies and remarks by people who have never experienced making the decision or the procedure, too often. I'm just always appalled at the lack of medical literacy around the procedure on either side. 

So, I looked forward to this video when I heard about it, but yeah, I don't like it. I don't want the procedure to be scary for women undergoing it, but I am not sure this video really helps anything, with Emily making perky faces at the camera, sighing theatrically, and giving it the overall tone of a commercial for tampons aimed at teenagers. I don't see what the point was in showing the procedure since all you saw was her lying on the stretcher and waiting patiently in greens for it to be over. I think the music is in really poor taste. Finally, I don't really feel there is anything for women to take away from the video that some reasonable medical education could take the place of. I don't like contributing to starry-eyed unrealistic ideas of what a TA is like. This video makes it like it's no big deal, and while again, I support everyone's choice, I would really hate for some woman to feel brave enough to have a TA after watching this, and then wonder three days later why she can't stop crying because the video made it happy sparkle fun time, kinda. I also think alluding to being an abortion counsellor as likewise to being a birth doula absolutely absurd. I also boggle at the fact that someone that counsels women around having TAs would need to have an abortion; I don't want to be judgmental, but in some ways it almost feels like she got pregnant to make a point about having a TA, rather than a genuine birth control failure. 

I don't think TAs should be a heavy issue, don't mistake me, but I don't think skewing it into something as simple as having a wart removed is a good idea either. Physically speaking a TA isn't much of a procedure, it's pretty routine stuff, no different than a D&C after a miscarriage. But I think this is sort of irresponsible to women who might suffer psychological effects of grief and guilt to make it seem like it's no big deal. It IS a big deal. No matter how certain you are, it is a big deal; not physically, but psychologically. You can walk away and be glad you did it and not feel guilty, but it is a huge choice with much more gravity than this stupid video makes out. 

I also feel like this is just more pro-life cannon fodder. "Look at this cold-hearted Godless woman aborting her living breathing baby with a smile on her face! This is what happens when you take prayer out of schools!" kind of thing. I don't really think it deflates any myths that anybody with half a brain would know to look past; it is a pretty straightforward procedure physically and I can't imagine women don't know that, particularly when they are counselled about the procedure beforehand and the potential risks and complications. I really think more health literacy around abortion would be far more effective. 

Really, I feel like this is a huge step back, if anything. 