The thing with male violence is that it is often mutual violence or at least expected violence as a result of the business involved (other crimes like dealing drugs, mafia etc). It's not the same thing as random violence on average people which I would expect to be a much smaller occurance. And for that, a big element is drunken fights where both men escalate arguments until fists are pulled. I have seen it time and time again on the streets. So as a man I would not feel in danger in a safe part of town, provided I didn't run into one of those idiots who WANT to start a fight. Regardless, from my statistically irrelevant group of friends, I don't know any men who had a fight since kindergarden. 

And no offense, even a smaller man is more powerful than a woman most of the times. We are not equivalent to small men. We are not just weaker by size but also weaker even when matched. And it's not just the strenght, it's the sexual element. I may get beat up, but I far worse fear sexual assault. And you as a man, live in a world where stronger than you men might beat you up. i live in a world where any person stronger than me might want to fuck me and not take no for an answer. I have had men "take me down a notch" by grabbing my boob or fondling me. You cannot imagine how humiliating and horrifying that is. And again, that is a constant possibility at the back of your mind. Even if you assume people are more civilized, they can choose not to be. 

I now live in a quasi Nordic country ( in the area :) ) and yes, by far here I feel much safer than my home country. But I do not feel perfectly safe. The assaults are much much much rarer, but they still exist. Most of the times I feel safe also because **I am almost never alone.** Once I was in a club and mg friends went to see the neighboring one for half an hour to check for better music. So I was briefly, for the first time in my life - alone. And I shit you not 5 seconds later someone approached me. I turned them down nicely and they would. Not. Take. No. For an answer. I escalated from "sorry, i am not interested. *smile*" to "leave me alone! You are bothering me. Please leave". And nope, the guy thought he could persuade me by the power of attrition. He was also sitting in a way to block my walking away. So a concerned guy shows up and says " is this guy bothering you?" And i am like YESSS because I was near tears at this point. So the white knight physically removes the creep. I thank him ... And the white knight TAKES THE EXACT SAME SEAT AS THE PREVIOUS CREEP AND STARTS HIS OWN SPIEL. Like, i could not believe this shit. I once again climbed the "increasingly stern NO" carrousel and of course this guy doesn't want to accept it either. At this point my friends come back and I am saved by them. But yeah. Even a civilized "nordic" country had this happen to me because i was in a extremely atypical situation (alone). You should realize how much shit doesn't take place merely because women take more safety measures than men.


You have to understand how much women modify and thus inconvenience their lives to avoid even the mere possibility of this shit. You as a man can go camping alone, can go out alone, can go shitfaced and not fear someone will rape your sleeping body (although it happens for whatever reason most men don't acknowledge it as a possibility). Heck, you can take off your top and hollar in a club and people think that is either hilarious or obnoxious. Your life happens as you wish it. 

Mine? I have to curate my clothes for every type of social situation as to not "give the wrong idea". It 's the hardest video game ever and by far you will lose. I always spend my money to take cabs. i always go out in groups. ALWAYS. I have never in my life gone to a club/bar/etc alone. If I go out I always hang with my group or close to it. If I go to the bathroom I go with friends. I never leave my drink alone. I always dance in a group, never alone. I have never hiked alone. I don't jog alone in a park. I choose not to travel to several dozen of countries because of how women unfriendly they are and it pains me (I have always wanted to see Egypt but nope. If I do and something happens to me i will be blamed for it). Etc. Fuck, I travelled alone to nordic countries (some of the safest in the world) and people thought i was 
NUTS. Every time I told my wish the first thing I heard was a variation of "wow, be safe. It's dangerous to be a woman traveling alone". My life is about fear fear fear and managing it. 

My life is about limits and if I don't take those limits I am seen as carelessly approving of what happens to me. 

What happened to you is fucked, period. But no offense I don't see it as a frequent occurrence on par with the sheer amount of women assaults. The context, as I hope I conveighed, is very different. If it was then men would also feel the need to modify their lives to avoid it. And I see men doing "risky" shit all the time that they expect women to not do. 