I understand. When I left my abusive partner and came home to Canada (I had been living with him for three years in Mexico) I intended to just focus on me. Focus on healing. 
I was only 20 when I returned home, I was confused and hurting. I felt like what had happened was my own fault, he always told me it was and that I pushed him. I also felt like no one would love me for me. He always put me down and I guess I had started to believe his words. I also felt like damaged goods, who was going to want to the girl who flinches and covers her face when you go to high five her?
Also, when I finally had the courage to tell my mother what I had been through, she told me it was my own damn fault for staying with him and that I should have known better.
To top it all off, I still felt like I loved him, I felt guilt for leaving him and not trying to be there for him (He was beaten as a child by his father so I felt like he was hurting and I needed to "save" him).
Anyways, I focused on me, got two jobs, wrote down my thoughts in a journal and just kept busy. 
At one of my jobs, I made some friends and one of them pointed out that my team leader seemed to stare at me a lot. He was in the middle.of a break up from a 5 year relationship where he had not been happy for a long time. Anyways, long story short, we started to date in October, were engaged by Christmas and married the following July. I wasn't looking for love when I met him, it just happened.
We will celebrate our 10th wedding aniversary this July and we are expecting our third baby in June.
He also have me the space I needed to recover and was patient with me when I would flinch, have nightmares.and wake up crying as well as I apparently screamed in my sleep at times.

My point is that no matter how hard things are right now, know that with time you will look back on today and think "look how far I have come, look at me now. Whatever I have been through, has in part made me the strong woman I am today".

Also, you never know what is around the corner. Sometimes life just happens and you find things you were not even looking for.

I read below that you are a fellow Canadian;) I am happy to read this, we live in a country where we have a ton of resources. Although medical wait times can be long.

