Stop talking like you're old. You're about to enter your prime!  

I did the same thing when I hit 30, worry too much about how I wasn't wifed yet. You know what? Worrying is a waste of time. It solved nothing. My 15 year high school reunion happened (I didn't go) &amp; I ran into one of my classmates who had gone. He told me about how all these people we knew that got married right out of high school or in their early 20s were more often than not divorced. Some were on their second or even third marriage, with multiple kids with different partners. That could have been you if you had rushed into finding a mate. 

Your 20s are for figuring out who you are as an adult. You've spent your entire life as a child growing and developing, and having someone else take care of you. Growing up and becoming mature doesn't happen overnight. So you go into your 20s and you start fucking up all over the place. It's ok, you're supposed to. At least you did the smart thing and focused on school, you could have ended up in a completely different scenario. 

Your 30s is where you really start to mature and chill out. As a lady you enter your sexual prime. You have a better idea of who you are and what you might want out of life. Attitude is everything! If you dig deep into this negative talk you're going to end up how you fear you're going to end up. Why? Because nobody likes to hang out with someone who's negative. I would advise instead to see life as an adventure. Go do things, have experiences. Live!  You'll meet people along the way, some will be guys, some may become lovers, and if they're a good match then maybe you'll want to keep them. Or, you'll have too much fun being awesome to worry. 


The grass is always greener on the other side. There are lots of advantages to being single, especially if the alternative is being stuck with someone who is bad for you. The way I see it, you can stick your head in the sand and give up for the rest of your life (the next possible 40-50 years). Or you can live, and be open to whatever happens next. 