Moving is the worst, especially when you're all surrounded by boxes and nothing is put together, everything is all unfamiliar, and it's all kind of unsettling.  I've moved far more than I've ever wanted to and here's how I cope.

Make sure necessities are packed in small boxes and easy to access.  For me, this means the french press, coffee, and been grinder gets its own box, it's clearly labeled, and is just about the first thing to be unpacked.  Coffee is soothing and familiar.  YMMV.  Ditto for toiletries.  Nothing sucks more than being all sweaty and gross from moving and unpacking and not having things on hand to take a shower or bubble bath with.  Those should also be on top and in small dedicated boxes with very obvious labeling.

Next, you're going to want an internet connection.  See if you can set that up beforehand so you've got stuff to watch and read once you're settled in.  If that can't be arranged, find the closest place with wifi and take your laptop there.  Failing that, hopefully you've got a good cell phone.  Just know that it's temporary.

Food is pretty darn important and you're going to want some.  Sometimes scouting out the nearest places is just what you need, sometimes it's just overwhelming.  Have something non-perishable on hand that will at least allow you to not starve if finding some kind of take-out or delivery isn't possible or is just too much.

I have to admit, I don't know anything abut anxiety attacks, but I'd think that having as many familiar things around as possible is going to help.  Whatever is the most important comfort thing to you, make sure that's easily accessible and unpack it first.  There is always stress being in an unfamiliar place with it's unfamiliar sounds and the way light comes through the windows.  Just know that that's going to happen and reach for your comfort things, and know that it takes a while to get used to a new place.  Maybe walk around the neighborhood as much as possible, or drive when there's not likely to be a lot of traffic.  Take a virtual tour on Google Earth, check out any Reddit communities that cover that area and ask questions or just see what they have to say in general.  Most importantly, give it time.