Absolutely you can change! But you need to start simple, don't overwhelm yourself or you will just give up quickly and go back to your bad habits. Here are the keys:

1.) You are a product of your thoughts - if your thoughts are positive and loving and motivating, you will become that.

2.) This kind of goes along with #1, but stop with the excuses. Best thing my mom ever said to me, was that when you decide to not do something, don't say "I can't" when what you really mean is "I won't". Seriously, try it next time you decide not to tidy up your room or take a walk around the block. Say to yourself "I am choosing not to do this because ________." Usually you find that you are prioritizing something else, which is fine in some instances, but it is that constant realization of what you are prioritizing that will help you see your behavior.

3.) Seek motivating help. Read '7 Habits', talk to a therapist, etc. Forming new life habits is not easy, but really it just comes down to practice. 

4.) Ditch the tv and technology. (yes, I know the irony as I am in bed on reddit - but I am very serious about this). This stuff is an addictive time sink. You can spend hours on facebook, reddit, watching tv, etc. and you have accomplished nothing. Try turning it all off for a week (it is ok to check your e-mail, etc, but set limits. Let people know you are turning your phone off between 6-9pm, unplug your tv for the week, etc. You will get bored. When you get bored go do something productive or something new that you might enjoy. 

5.) Figure out what is driving your laziness. Is it a lack of motivation, are you prioritizing activities that help you escape, are you bored, are you depressed, are you overwhelmed by the amount of things that you will need to take care of if you start, are you worried that it will be too hard? Once you are really honest with yourself about what is driving this you can handle it a lot better. Having depression is an entirely different situation than being overwhelmed by having to do stuff and they will require very separate approaches.

There is probably a lot of other stuff I can add, but I hope this is helpful. I know how you feel, but just the fact that you are posting this shows that somewhere deep down you want to change. You aren't the only one. Every person is struggling with something and we are all working harder to grow and understand and to be better people. It is not in any way a failure that things are in disarray for you right now. You are human. But if you feel that your life would be more fulfilling or more peaceful or you would find greater happiness with organization/activity, etc. then by all means, practice that life.