Let me tell you something.  I'm a lawyer.  The people on TwoX are going to try to coddle you and say "he's an asshole, leave."  But I want to give you a different perspective. 

Being a good lawyer is extremely difficult.  Not only do you have to be intelligent, you have to be extremely diligent, focused, and hard-working. You also have to good day to day judgment and most importantly, you need to have an exacting eye for detail.  Simply put, tiny mistakes can ruin a case for your client and if you continually foul up the little details you become a liability for your law firm because the person supervising you has to double-check your work, wasting a bunch of time. Because it is rare to find all these qualities in one person, good lawyers are rare. 

Now, lawyers have reputations for being assholes, especially partners at firms.  Part of it is that the profession attracts that kind of person (I mean, who else wants to argue and fight all day?).  But its also partly because it is extremely difficult to find a young lawyer who can do a good job.  A lot of lawyers are extremely intelligent but not diligent enough to catch every mistake.  Others are diligent but not intelligent enough.  With the high-stakes and fast paced of the law world, partners are not very forgiving of these mistakes.  And sometimes when a person is being careless the only way to get them to fix it is to yell at them. 

Now, I know everybody here will hate me for saying this, but you are in a way lucky to have a guy that yells at you.  It's better for him to yell at you than to not say anything at all.  In other firms, if you make a bunch of mistakes, they silently write you off and then fire you at a random time, making you wonder what you did wrong. 

Also, people here might think he's a "lunatic" for firing a bunch of people, but that's actually pretty common in law firms.  Because its so hard to get right, most lawyers can't do it.  

I'm not saying your boss is a good guy and that you should work there.  At the end of the day, it's your judgment call.  But, you need to look at the  nature of the profession.  And as you say, the guy does a good job. 

This is what really concerns me: 

>  I feel like I am making all of these mistakes because I am so terrified of making mistakes. I know my memory isn't that bad but for some reason when he gives me the simplest of instructions I completely freeze up.

That's your real problem.  You need to fix this issue (perhaps therapy?  It sounds like you have anxiety).  If you leave this guy and go somewhere else you may find yourself with the same problems.  I mean, the guy is yelling but you seem to agree that you're not doing a good job. 

Finally, if you want to leave, find another job first.  Legal jobs are hard to come by these days, and it's even harder if you don't already have a job.  