you have the chance to be a pioneer here. you will face adversity, you will face a culture that is not your own. the culture will not change unless you change it. nobody is just going to change it for you. so drive on, be strong, and continue doing what you do. understand that you can't do this without changing. to change is to adapt. humans (actually all living creatures) have two strategies for survival in a changing environment. they can adapt to the environment or they can change the environment to adapt to them. until there are more women working together to change the environment, the only option left is to adapt to it. throw out the idea that you can succeed without changing. you are there to learn, and when you learn you change. you couldn't even pass the classes without changing, and neither can anyone else. if you were static then the course would have to adapt to what you already know, and that couldn't even be called a class while staying true to its name. 

you are there to learn, you have extra hurdles because you have to learn the white male environment at the same time that you learn physics. you will have to try harder to succeed than many of your peers. but when you do succeed people will know that you earned it twice to get it once. not all people will know that, but the right people will know that. 

you may want to find out the hobbies and interests of your classmates. you may want to look into those interests and see which ones you are interested in as well. you may want to become "one of the guys" as this will give you the social status you will need to succeed, and this will inherently earn the respect of the people you are learning with. 

in the world of science only one thing really matters. are you right? is your answer right? your proposal will be torn to pieces, analyzed from every angle, it will be tested and retested and put to the light to be shred. it isn't you they are attacking, it is your proposal. don't be afraid to fail. don't be afraid that your argument will be destroyed. it is good that your argument is destroyed, it means that a wrong answer wasn't accepted. but please always understand it is your hypothesis and not your person that is being attacked. don't take it personally, because that is exactly why you will be held back. 

i love science. and i have often made the argument that women don't do well in the sciences. the number 1 reason they don't do well is because they take it personal when their hypothesis is thrown in the garbage. a respectable scientist would thank the person who just shredded their hypothesis. because a respectable scientist understands that the argument stands and falls on its own, and has nothing to do with the person who just voiced it. its not you, its your argument. and as a student your arguments will fall. you will get things wrong, and it is important that you get things wrong so that you learn where your failures are, and how you ended up with those failures. it is more important to get things wrong than it is to get them right. embrace that, hold it to your heart. 

if you can rise above yourself to see that it isn't about you, its about the data. it isn't about you, its about the method. it isn't about you, its about the measurements. it isn't about you, its about the results. than you will have the mentality needed to succeed. and when you do succeed you will gain the power to change the environment, and make it an easier path for your future daughter, or perhaps someone else's daughter. 

btw i have a crush on lisa randall. normally i am only attracted to young and beautiful girls, but she is just so smart it is hot. don't know if that is really appropriate in this message, but when i see the women who do succeed in these fields, i am thoroughly impressed by them. i think i would be star struck if i met her face to face though. 