Yes they can, and it's weird. Especially when he giggles as I wipe his balls. Can't tell if it tickles or if it's like that scene in James Bond where the guy is whacking him in the balls with a heavy metal object and he's laughing about how the guy's going to die fondling his balls.

I've heard parents of older boys laugh about how their son was freaking out because his little boner wouldn't go down.

All of that with other people's kids is magnified 1000x with your own. I don't particularly like kids, never wanted to hold a baby, and when I pictured my own they were able to have real conversations -- I considered the stages from baby to preschooler the price I'd pay to have older kids -- but halfway through my first pregnancy I suddenly got baby rabies real bad. Still can't say I'm much of a fan of the toddler stage, but now that my daughter is approaching 4 years old and we're starting school (we're homeschooling, and she's showing interest), I'm so happy teaching her even the very basic stuff like how to write letters/numbers and what the organs are called and what they do...though she clearly has no idea what I'm talking about -- when she tells me about the organs she gets all the systems mixed up. Stomach has to do with the heart and the lungs with the bladder...

It's so amazing to watch them grow day-to-day. Way different from seeing a baby once a week as we did with our friends' kid who's about 9 months older than ours. Currently my daughter is sitting on the couch with two paper tubes and a headless plastic snake. She just stuffed the snake into the white tube, held it upright on the couch, tapped it with the tube she put stickers on at the YMCA, said "abwa ca dabwa!" and lifted the white tube to dump the snake out. This whole magic show is a totally new thing. When you're looking at them weekly or every couple of days, you tend to feel like each new thing is something they learned while you weren't there. When you see them every day, it's like, "where did that come from?"

Oh and this: "Oh! Dere you are snake! You Are Freeeeeee!" "Uh oh. De booteful tail...Dere we go, all right." I am D E D ded of the cute.

Anyway, sorry I'll go on forever...I'm a SAHM and I never thought I'd be the type but I really love it.