I played WoW for four years and I was in an excellent guild.  The creator of the guild and I were both females and it was pretty well known because we used 'vent'- also no one hid their gender.  We ran mostly with each other through raids ect. and on occasion we would need to use the 'find players' method.  (I'm sorry if these terms aren't exactly correct anymore, I haven't played in over three years now, and this is really the first time I've thought about it since.)  I didn't really experience much of a problem with being a female, mostly because my guild was a tight knit group and we all knew each other.  If someone joined our guild we had a set of specific rules to follow, if you broke them once you got a warning, and if you broke them again you were booted.  The rules were about respect, we were fine with cursing, trash talk, sex talk, game talk, we just didn't tolerate hateful or rude commentary.  We also were friendly to the younger kids who played and made it clear to the kids that it was their responsibility to let their parents know they joining our guild, and told them how to set the profanity filter (anyone under 18 wasn't allowed on vent due to the spontaneity of comments during raids).  We basically functioned under the understanding that YOU were responsible for YOUR words and actions and others were responsible for theirs.  All participants were also responsible for understanding that as strangers (as really we didn't know each other outside the game) the we could not control other peoples actions or commentary, but it was trusted that we all had each others backs.  There were a few occasions when males would enter our groups and find out females ran the guild and try to over throw our runs (which was always obnoxious as we kindly had invited them into our group), or they would talk over us (only the females) when we were discussing plans of attack or who would do what, and so on.  Mostly we would agree to do it their way one time (even if we knew it wouldn't work) and when we wiped we would then give them the ultimatum of staying in our group and acting as a team while accepting that there were not only females there but that we RAN things (and quite well), or to GTFO.  We weren't hateful or rude, and when it came to these type of players we simply used a very firm method of showing them that their rude ways wouldn't work, then showing them that our ways would work, and then giving them the opportunity to correct their awful attitude, or leave.  On most occasions they would stay and conform to our rules (which upon entering were made very well known), apologize for the things they said and sometimes even join the guild later and stayed.  Some people were just full of hate and we would just let them roll on.  For the people who would spew hate and generalizations at us, we didn't even give them a chance to damage our armor.  We would tell them the rules when they entered, give them one chance, reinforce the rules, and they were gone the next time- no arguments, no name calling, we told them if it happened again they would be kicked without warning.  

I always liked when the males knew I was female, because I almost always had the highest DPS, and I was one of the best tanks in the groups we ran with.  It almost made it better when one of those "Women can't play games" players would enter our run and down talk the females, only to be WAY outdone by the females, who didn't say anything about it.  It was better to prove them wrong in silence and then kill them with kindness. 

I don't think there is any gender that is "bad" on MMOs, I just think there are bad people who hide behind internet names and "anonymous" titles who think it is okay to treat people poorly because "no one knows who you really are".  I suppose there were a handful of times when a male tried to solicit pictures or stupid conversations but I just blocked them.  There are crappy people of both genders, and that is one thing I learned from WoW.   "Being a bum knows no gender"
