As someone in a similar predicament (PCOS, insulin resistance, desk job), the only things that have worked for me was to cut out 90% of the carbohydrates from my diet, combined with more activity. Walk everywhere you possibly can. If you can do a standing desk at work, do it. I have far more energy at the end of a work day with my standing desk. A body in motion tends to stay in motion.

I'm Italian. My family has turned food enabling into a fine art. We show our love for you by feeding you until you're sick. Once I started making visible changes, I think my family sort of backed off the whole food = love business, at least with me. Though, it took me throwing pasta on the ground to get my point across. The gasps in the room were audible. I explained to them I just can't eat it anymore. The carbs and sugars give me skin issues, terrible dandruff and keep me in a constant state of hazy lethargy. They make me spaghetti squash now so I don't feel left out of pasta dinners.

You may want to consider seeing an GYN that specializes in PCOS to get on some form of BC and maybe Metformin. 2 years ago, my GYN (who specializes in PCOS and endo) recommended I get a Mirena IUD and put me on a Metformin regimen. I did the Metformin for about a year or so, but it just wasn't for me. The side effects were not something I was willing to live with, so I decided to do my own thing (with my Dr.'s approval of course). I'm currently on a pale-esque diet (no refined sugars, breads, pastas), take a supplement called Inositol daily along with vitamin D3, and it's completely changed my life. In the last year and a half, I'm down about 50 pounds (still got another 50 to go), and I haven't felt this good since I was a little girl. I've also been using a koji soap to help speed along the fading of the dark patches.

I know things look bleak now, but rest assured, whatever damage has been done is reversible. I am one of the laziest motherfuckers on the planet, so if I can do it, you can do it. [YOU CAN DO IT](http://i.imgur.com/wC7yAnj.jpg).
