Hair sister! I know how you feel. I have fine, thin, smooth hair, although it is more fine than thin. I also bleached my hair to oblivion for many months in order to add body via damage/frizz. A full ponytail for me is about the size of a dime at its base. It will not hold curls/style for more than 5-10 minutes, regardless of the volume of product used. I, too, find it very embarrassing but fortunately I've never received any comments.

I also used to wash my hair at least once daily, sometimes twice. But after a long and difficult transition to washing my hair every other day...and now every third day, I've noticed a major improvement in body. I also use sulfate-free shampoo and occasionally I just wash with conditioner, skipping shampoo. I understand this sounds absurd, but with time (like 3 months of painful adjustment time), your hair really gets used to it and does better for it. Certainly doesn't solve the fineness, but at least you don't feel like a slave to hair washing anymore, it holds styles a little better, and doesn't just fall completely flat in ponytails.

I'm in the process of growing it out for the...oh, I don't know, tenth time? My hairdressers in my adult life have always discouraged me from growing it out, some have even sabotaged my haircut request and cut 3 inches when I asked for a small trim (which as you know is like, a half year of growth or more).  But I'm actually a little encouraged so far. I wear it up 90% of the time, but I have this happy little delusion that once it's grown out, and the damage has worked its way through and been cut off, it'll look pretty. I dunno, it keeps me going!

The beard analogy is great. I love that. 

I wish I had better advice. I plan to invest in a high quality set of extensions. The cheapies I had for a little while made me so happy I could cry, even though they looked cheap and didn't match. My husband was critical, but he didn't understand how beautiful I thought I looked with full hair. 

In the meantime, you can do what I do, and resentfully downvote women who brag about their full hair on /r/fancyfollicles. It's not very nice, but it makes me feel a little better :/

