I've lived in SF, Oakland, and London. I've traveled alone to many foreign counties, in areas that were less than savory. I've had close calls and avoided bad situations by doing the following: 

First off, never divide your attention. Don't text, listen to music, talk on phone etc. 

Walk confidently and with purpose. Predators prey on the unsuspecting and the vulnerable. Vulnerability isn't just about being alone. Looking lost, unsure, and scared are also things predators look for. 

A lot of women say walk with your keys in your knuckles. That can actually break your hand. I used to do this until I was told by a self defense teacher not to. It's good to have your keys ready to get in your house/car but getting one of [these](http://imgur.com/Y03Uu1Q) instead is better. Also pepper spray. 

Walk wide around corners, and areas that are obstructed. Large hedges and big vehicles can also make easy hiding spots for your attacker and giving those things a wide berth is good. 

Go with your gut. If you are getting a weird "vibe" from someone it's always better to be safe than sorry. You can always turn around and go back the way you came. 

ACT FUCKING CRAZY IF YOU HAVE TO. I have been approached by some seriously nutty people. I just out crazied them. Get loud, flap your arms around, drool, shit yourself if you have to. Seriously. I know this is extreme but it works. One example, I found myself walking home from the subway one night. I had waited for the bus for nearly an hour and it never showed so I walked home. I found myself walking towards a group of young men, they turned their attention towards me and started walking towards me (and across the street towards me). It was as if they were flanking and herding me and they could easily outrun me, beat me to a pulp. These guys were 15-18 tall, young men.  There was no where to go. So my option was to act fucking nuts. I just started singing at the top of my lungs, it made them hesitate, then I started skipping, walking weirdly, saying words that made no sense. I heard one say "hold off on this one" and that was it, they hung back as I kept being my crazy self. They didn't mess with me. Sadly I read there were a few muggings in the area that night. I'm guessing it was those guys. 

Go for the eyes if it comes to that, and definitely try a self defense class. It will give you some knowledge and confidence in yourself. 

