I absolutely agree with this. I feel so conflicted about my opinion, because I don't want to view myself or any other woman as a target or a "future victim" in scenarios such as these, but at the same time I have a natural response for self preservation that kicks in when I feel like I'm in a sketchy situation.  
  
I had a similar experience happen to me. I took a late night class last summer that got out around 10pm. The school I attend has several campuses, and the one I went to for that class was in a sketchier area of town. I usually parked on the street just at the edge of campus so that I didn't have to pay for parking, but I've never felt particularly unsafe about this because there is never anyone around at that time of night so it didn't seem like there was any "sketchy activity" going on there. One night I was walking back to my car after class and I noticed that there was this guy just standing on the side of the road a car or two down from my car. I heard him call out to me, but honestly his presence was really abnormal and freaked me out, so I pretended I didn't hear him and I basically ran to my car and jumped in. I was obviously really scared and displayed blatant behavior that showed that, but this guy actually RAN AFTER ME and then stood at my driver's window and knocked. I was so scared, but I felt compelled to not be a shitty person in unfairly judging him. Even though it made me entirely uncomfortable, I rolled down the window about an inch or two and asked him what he wanted. He said, "Oh, could you like spare a buck or two, I'm trying to get to blah blah blah..." I was just as shocked as you. I had literally ran past this guy, jumped in my car, and locked the door in fear and he still felt it like running after me was okay behavior.  
  
I agree with a lot of the ladies in this thread who said it's not fair to stereotype someone, but I think that that's often circumstantial. If I am on a deserted street, late at night, I think that it's understandable that some guy, whose presence was totally abnormal, approaching me scared the crap out of me. And especially if I am running away from you and you decide to RUN AFTER me - maybe DON'T. In my case, it turned out to be a misunderstanding, but it could have also not been (the following semester, a student was carjacked at gunpoint at that same campus.) I just think that there are certain circumstances (i.e. on a deserted college campus at 10 o'clock at night) where it should occur to people that if I don't approach you, I don't want you to approach me.