Hi, 21 y.o. male here. Read your story and I can relate with your BF; He seems like a nice guy when he doesn't drink, and obviously drinking that much wasn't his intention, you were at that party afterall and he knew that; It was highly irresponsible for him to drink so much, but maybe he didnt know how he acts being that drunk, and I don't think he was blaming it on you when he asked why did you let him drink that much, It sounded more of a warning for future ocassions, something like, "hey keep an eye on me, im fucking stupid". All of this doesnt exclude him from guilt, he fucked up badly and he hit you, but if you love him enough to give him a second chance you should; You need to talk to him and set thing straight, you need to tell him to lay off drinking or at least to limit himself really hard with alcohol, let him know that what he did is no childplay and you are having a hard time forgiving him, so he must be grateful for that and the only way thing would work is if he cuts down on the alcohol.
I myself, have had problems like this with my current gf (we have been together for 2 years now) and my parents; I dont go partying much, maybe 2 times a month, I wasn't a heavy drinker either, but one night things went out of control and I got a little wasted, to the point of not knowing where I was; My gf was out with me that night, but we got separated for a couple of hours because we wanted to go to different clubs, but we agreed to meet up later, so the time passed and she started calling me and telling me to go meet her, and I somehow, got furious with her, yelling at her on the phone, telling her she didnt give me the space I wanted and that I wanted to break up with her; She hunged up at me, obviously. An hour went by and she managed to find me and she called a cab so I could get home, and while the cab was on it's way I kept screaming at her. I got home and I did the same thing with my mom. I am a very peaceful person and would never scream to or insult anyone close to me, I was devasteted the next day to the point I wanted to dissapear for a few days, so my gf and mom could forget what I did that night, but I had to man up anyways and I apologized to everyone very deeply. My gf was very comprehensive and told me to never drink like that again because I hurt her feelings badly and I am very grateful she didnt leave me that night, and since then I only drink a couple of drinks and no more, and havent had problems like that again. So, if you really love your bf, just try to find in your heart the way to forgive him, forget about his mom, it's only you and him in this relationship, tell him to not drink again and make him promise it, we all fuck up things at least once, make of his error a way to make him a better person, and dont let yourself regret you didnt try to work things out with him (dont get me wrong, it's all his fault, but sometimes you have to be the mature one and fix things your partner can't because of his stupidness or childish behaviour, in the end you would the one thinking you did everything you could to build a healthy relationship and your partner would be the one with regrets)
English isn't my native language , so sorry if I cant be more brief. And hey, it's only an opinion do what you think is best, I defend going through shit in relationships and not giving up quickly, it's only natural to mess up, but he has to understand he cant fuck up like this again.