I'm probably being unclear, because I haven't ever really put enough effort into my posts to adequately explain myself =( Sorry about that

I'm saying that you can't ban online bullying because, by the nature of internet communication and mob mentality, many of the participants will harass the victim all of once.  Philosophically and morally, I don't see a way to restrict critical speech which could emotionally harm someone without risking the restriction of speech which should ideally be allowed.

Your examples did indeed show that existing harassment laws can often be of little use to victims of certain people with problems, and that does indicate that the law needs to be changed or properly enforced.  I don't in any way believe that people should be able to get away with what is essentially stalking and harassment simply because it is through an electronic medium.  

But I still don't see how bullying can be banned without restricting legitimate criticism and otherwise normal behavior.   If I say some mean thing about you, should that be censored or disallowed?  Keep in mind that some of the most hurtful things can be said without (socially) "inappropriate" words.  If I can indeed say something that might hurt you emotionally, or impugn your character beyond some meaningless insult like "jackass," how many people should be allowed to say such things before the action becomes maliciously harmful?

Bullying can't easily be legislated because it is a human failing.  It's difficult to write a law that distinguishes one annoying act from another.  If some group of people organized a "witch hunt" to harm some poor individual, that could fall under conspiracy laws, just as individual harassment falls under harassment.  But how do you ban thousands of people saying that you're a jerk or jackass or murderer or sinner or bastard or cunt, only once, and with no prior knowledge or motive against you?  Those individuals could "bully" you from afar, without their behavior clearly rising to the level of actionable harassment.

You are right that we are probably at an intellectual impasse, though.