speaking as a stepdaughter with a bad relationship with her stepmother...

family boardgame night sounds fun. 

diagnosing your stepdaughter with loving her dad too much sounds horrible. are you a psychiatrist? is the child seeing a psychiatrist? has any kind of a professional made that observation? if not you need to knock it off with the armchair psychology.

 it makes you sound like somebody trying to justify hating their stepdaughter. "she's got a disorder! she's sick in the head! it's not that I'm in any way intruding on her family or disrupting her life then demanding to be loved and respected with nothing to back it up" <- that's what I hear when you diagnose your stepdaughter with a Oedipus Complex. also the female version is an [Electra Complex](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electra_complex) so, at least get your terminology straight.

also, if you *are* a psychologist then you know it's unethical to diagnose someone who isn't your patient.  double-knock that shit off.

anyways, back to what you can do to win over the 10yr old:

stop trying to get her to like you. stop trying to get her to like her dad less. you're not her parent so treat her the way you'd treat a nibling. authoritarian parenting strategies just encourage kids to lie to you, so explain why you are doing what you are doing and expect the same "because I am the adult" doesn't count as an explanation. 

don't act possessive of her dad around her. don't fight her for his attention. you two have different relationships with the man and he is capable of loving you both. acting possessive (for example: dad is doing thing with daughter, you come over and demand his attention through some kind of PDA) just makes you look insecure. this is one of those art of war type of occasions where not acting, is to act as though you've already won. 

my problems with my stepmother all stem from the fact that she would like my dad to spend less time with me and my sister. now that we are adults that takes the form of demanding to move him out of the state. (and away from her own daughter too) this kind of atmosphere makes me feel unwelcome around her. it's hard to like somebody who has made it clear that they want nothing to do with you.