Throwaway because I don't want to talk about girly TMI stuff on my main account. Also childfree. I just got my IUD installed last week and it almost didn't happen because I found out I have a tilted uterus. (How tilted is it?) It's so tilted it's almost horizontal and it's why I have such horrible back pain when I get cramps. Scheduled an appointment with a general doctor, took the cervix dilating pills the night before, took ibuprofen an hour before, doctor could only a few centimetres, said I probably wouldn't be able to hold an IUD, and gave me the whole "every woman is different, but it's perfectly normal". Fuck that. I had all kinds of robot toys in my snizz and I was looking forward to birth control for years and now that I can finally get it, I might be denied? I insisted on a second opinion, they referred me to another clinic outside of town that had an OB on site. I grabbed a cab and hauled ass over there. She was able to do an ultrasound, where she figured out what was up with my uterus, and ran into the same problem of installation. While my doctors insist I was "brave" for going through the procedure twice in one day, I think I was just greedy and determined to get my damn birth control, no matter how painful. I couldn't feel much cramping the first time, just some pinching and discomfort, but the second time I could definitely feel cramping, started lamaze breathing, and demanded my OB keep going until it was installed. "Am I hurting you?" "YES. KEEP GOING. OW. KEEP GOING." Operation was a success, I have a normal sized uterus, it's just tilted and stupid, and I am baby free for the next five years! And cramping and spotting for the next few weeks apparently. Worth it!

Overall opinion, relax your butt and vagina muscles as best you can (I know it's hard but it'll make things easier), have a sense of humor, ibuprofen, lamaze breathing, and remember: no pain, no gain. I didn't think it was unbelievably painful, but it's easier if you just keep going. Brazilian waxes are a lot more painful.