I've told this story under a previous username, but here it is again.

My daughter was born by emergency C-section, and hospital policy is not to allow a new mother and baby home until both have pooped. The baby took care of her end of the bargain with no trouble at all, but dude, they'd sliced open my abdominal cavity. I was in serious pain every time I even tried, and between all the drugs they'd given me, all the stitches and all the rubbish hospital food, things just weren't moving. After five days I pooped a poopnugget about a centimetre cubed, flushed it before they could examine it (I'm in Germany, where the hospital toilets - and many private toilets - have a poop shelf so they can look at what you did), called it a win and triumphantly packed up my things and my baby and went home. 

Five days after *that*, my baby was ten days old. Adoring grandparents had been and gone, but they were all that had been or gone. Still no poop. I was starting to feel seriously uncomfortable, but I just could not go. Looking forward to an evening of just my husband, my baby and me, I discarded the last remaining shred of my dignity and asked my husband to go to the pharmacy and get me something to take care of the situation. He returned, barely concealing a smirk. The pharmacy would only give him enema kits since I was breastfeeding, and he had brought me two of them. I was less than impressed, but grabbed one, sent him to mind the baby at the far end of the apartment, and took it into the bathroom. I assumed Child Pose in the bathtub, performed a very uncomfortable reverse reacharound with the tube, and started gently squeezing the bag at the end of the tube. As I stood up and cleaned up, I vaguely heard the phone ringing but whatever. I have a litre of water in my butt and I can't talk right now. I emerged from the bathroom with the remnants of what I was doing to wait for the twenty minutes prescribed on the pack to find my husband, not smirking any more but smiling nervously. 

*So that was my cousin on the phone. She and her husband are in town just for tonight, and they'd like to stop by and see the baby.*

I'm standing there staring at him in disbelief. *Oh? And you didn't invite them here, did you?*

...

*WHEN?!?!?!!?!?!*

And then the doorbell rang. I was standing there wearing only a neon pink XXXL tshirt, stained with milk and sweat, ten days post-surgery and with a newborn. My husband's cousin is a professional dancer, and her husband was a fairly well known academic. A glamorous power couple at the door and obviously here I am in this predicament. I fled for the bedroom to throw on a maxidress, wipe the sweat from my face and pretend I'm not smuggling a bag of water in my insides. My husband answered the door, invited in this beautiful couple, and showed them the baby, and in due course out I came to fidget on a hard chair and make Mmmph sounds whenever they asked me something, trying so hard to be suave but at this point the pain in my stomach was overwhelming. I had to *go*.

I politely excused myself and shuffled off to the bathroom, clenching my buttcheeks and thighs together with all the force I could muster lest things escape - in retrospect I didn't need to have bothered. Things were still painful and unpleasant, but my blessed bag of water did its job and I pooped. I pooped a poop the likes of which I had never seen before. It had - and this is no word of an exaggeration - the dimensions of a pint glass. I thought at one point I might need to call a midwife. And then I had to get rid of the evidence, which took some doing. Then I cleaned myself up, quickly wiped off the sweat generated by my massive exertion, and had to go back into the living room to make polite conversation with my glamorous relatives as though nothing had happened. 

I walked back into the room, ten pounds lighter and slightly light-headed but prepared to pretend like I was completely ok this whole time, and my husband tenderly asked me, *Did you manage it, then?* 

He's lucky I love him.

Edit: Thank you, generous anonymous giver of gold. That was awesome of you. 