No: GW is literally just people who post pictures of themselves naked. If anything further comes of it, that's that. And if a Camgirl does it, that's part of their job. It's not a requirement of posting to GW and certainly not what a lot of the girls are there for. Just because you don't mind that it happens isn't what's being said here; it's that that's what people think of you as soon as they see that. "Oh, she posts to GW: she's either a sex worker or wants gifts or is an exhibitionist". Same thing as men who are parts of frats: "Oh, he's a frat boy. Clearly he's an idiot who just is in school to party and his parents are paying him through". It's a damaging stereotype and it immediately renders the woman (or man) in question down to a distilled idea--less than a person. 

But yeah, it isn't an excuse. THe problem is that most of the time when women say "I feel that men treat me x way" the response is "well, not all men are like that. Those ones are monsters/lonely/entitled/assholes". That doesn't answer the problem. It doesn't address it. And the problem needs to be addressed not just by women, but by men, too. Of course, a man shouldn't speak for a woman's experience, but allies are needed on both sides to make a change. Same for problems that men face. "I feel like women expect me to pay because I am male and I'm not okay with that". It takes an attitude change on women's parts to see themselves not as dependent on men as a source of caretaking as much as it takes men to voice that there is a problem (of course, ettiquite demands that unless you arrange in advance to split a bill, inviter pays for invitee on a personal date, unless it's a business meeting, etc). 

I'm glad you see my point. And that's how it feels to be a woman on Reddit. People don't understand most of the time why we correct someone on our gender--or hide it: why should we default to being called men when we aren't? There's nothing wrong with being a woman. There is everything wrong with being treated as an "other" though. 