It sounds like you are in a very dark spot, and you have my genuine and thorough sympathies. I cannot imagine how difficult that this must be for you, especially the lack of support from your therapists and close friends and family. Yours is not a sob story, don't worry; there's nothing weak about admitting that you're suffering. You do not deserve what is happening to you. You deserve to feel better.

Unfortunately, there is not much to be done for altering the behaviour of others. They will be horrible and repugnant no matter what you do, as I'm sure you are painfully aware. Realistically, the only options that you have at this point are different modes of treatment to deal with your anxiety-- we cannot change the darkness in the world, but sometimes if we're lucky we can change the manner by which we perceive the world.

Therapy, unfortunately, is a mixed bag. I have heard horror stories from therapists too; they are not always consistent in their treatment and *certainly* not always appropriate in their handling of situations and those in difficult situations.

I am not a doctor, of course, but anxiety disorders are an ongoing struggle for myself and almost everyone in my extended family-- between my first and second-degree relatives, I think 80% have anxiety and mood disorders. It's very real, and it can be debilitating. 

What has worked well in my experience is CBT (cognitive behavioural therapy) and medication. CBT is actually one of the only truly effective methods of coping with anxiety, especially anxiety about unpredictable factors such as other people. See if you can get a referral to a psychologist who is licensed to do CBT; sessions are usually about 8 weeks to start, and progress from there.

Medication, obviously, is much more controversial. I just want to be explicit in saying that I don't mean to suggest that you're crazy-- not for one second. I believe that all of the things that are happening to you are happening to you. But the administration of an SSRI or similar medication can help, because when they behave terribly, it makes it easier to shrug off. They're not for everyone, but I think they could really help you. Talk to your doctor about that if you feel comfortable.

I can't imagine how difficult this must be, but you can make it through. Reaching out here was a great thing to do. You deserve to live a good and safe and happy life and you have the capacity to achieve it-- you just need the appropriate supports.