I'm male but I had a very similar thing happen to me. That was a (long) while ago, when Facebook wasn't a thing and staying in contact with people wasn't as easy as it is today.

Anyway, here's the gist of it: Met a wonderful girl, had a wonderful relationship (and I mean wonderful like you couldn't imagine it to be any better) for around a year, then she had to move half-way across the country because of work/uni. Travelling back at forth a lot (or even just a little) wasn't really an option because of money, so for the first couple of weeks we basically only had phone calls / emails to stay in touch and that worked, everything was fine (as much as it could be in that situation anyway), she told me she loved me, we talked about how we could meet up again - until from one day to the next she was gone.

Couldn't reach her on the phone anymore, she didn't respond to my emails anymore and I had no idea what was going on. At first I thought it was just life getting in the way (naive, yes, but I was in love and I knew she had a lot of stress) and I tried to stay calm, but eventually I started to really worry. I thought she might have fallen ill or that she got in an accident or god knows what. From "I love you" to completely vanishing overnight conjured up many, many horrible scenarios in my imagination.

Anyway, I don't want to hijack this with my own story, but to wrap it up: after three months of panic and worries and feeling completely helpless, I finally managed to find her (not in person, but at least I found out that she was still alive and well which was a huge relief even if it left me more confused and sad than ever).

Like you I wanted to know what had happened and constantly thought about "what if" and how things could've been different and so on. In the end the explanation came down to "I met somebody else, that confused me and I didn't know how to deal with it, it wasn't your fault".

Well, it didn't work out with "somebody else" and half a year later she tried to get back in touch with me and at first I was elated at the thought of having  her back - even today when I think about her I still see her as the "ideal" woman - but the truth is... there really was no "what if" left to answer. If somebody treats you like that, no matter what reasons  he has for it, it's not somebody you want to have a relationship with. You'll never be able to get that memory out of the back of your mind and you'll constantly worry that it might happen again. It's just no basis for a healthy relationship and frankly, if somebody is willing to leave you behind and not even has the courtesy to tell you it's over but instead just ignores you - that person will never make you truly happy.

I can relate to you wanting to know the reasons and thinking about the big "what if" all the time but trust me, it really doesn't matter either way. You're better off without him, even if it doesn't feel like it. There are few things worse than abandoning a person that loves you and he did that to you. Just keep that in mind when you wonder about the "what if" again: No good relationship can come from a person like that.

Keep your head up and keep going, it will get better!