So There I was Just a regular day like any other around 6:30 pm.  The weather was a 80 degree muggy but yet perfect day, I found myself heading to my regular spot with such excitement my smile was ear to ear  gripping my poles with pride.  That's when I saw her by my special spot that no other person knows or cares about, the spot under the bridge with the water flowing just right.  So I got all my gear ready brought out my bait with no delay and used my most sharpest of hooks.  I checked my surroundings and looked to where I would cast my line, I saw the perfect location just right off the second bridge pillar there looked to be the most perfect eddie.  I immediately casted the most perfect cast of my fishing career, right where I wanted it, then I immediately tightened up my line and waited with pole in hand.  about exactly one hour later I was thinking about re-casting a little more down river and then suddenly my reel started to click very slowly, at first I thought it was the current taking my bait down stream, then it clicked 5 more times.  I put my finger on the line just to be sure, then all of a sudden the line took off screaming down the river, I have never felt anything so ferocious.  Time stopped everything went quiet I could literally hear my heart beating in my brain pounding through my adrenaline.  I'VE GOT YOU NOW!! TAKE HOLD THOU FOUL BEAST!  I pulled back as hard as I could but it would not give, I knew this fish was a beast because it was staying right on the bottom, suddenly I got the attention of some evening joggers, hikers, bikers, and of course my fellow fishing brethren.  I now not only was under stress but also under the eyes of at least 30 people but still I had a fish to catch and the heat was on!  Suddenly the beast gave up running, turned and swam towards me and then cried out a voice in the distance "LOOK AT THAT!" a tail came splashing out of the water the size of a small but fat child then and only then did it go back under with such speed and strength only to show its ungodly self by jumping out of the river putting free willy to complete and utter shame.  The whole crowd joined in a collective "HOLY SHIT" the fish shook violently in the air and before it was over I saw my hook pop out of its mouth in slow motion I was immediately crushed my whole life went dark....A man yelled "Oh NO!! WHY?!! HOW COULD THIS BE!" as the rest of the crowd walked away slowly with their heads held down low in disbelief.  My mind was filled of thoughts of how to end it.  Should I tie a boulder around my ankle and dive?  No I thought!  I must nay I will catch this Leviathan!  So I put some bait back in and didn't leave for 2 whole days to no success not even a nibble....Still recovering.