What you're describing was one of my main motivators to move to a different country.

Long story version: I was born in a rather sexist country, and I was raised to believe that such harassement is normal, or even something one should be grateful for. I wasn't particularly shocked when at 15, old men would stop their car in the street right next to me and ask if that cute little girl needed a lift. I didn't give more than a passing glance at that dude masturbating in his car, in broad daylight, in the side street leading to my high school. The constant insults and guys following you home aren't even worth mentioning because hey, that's life, right? Sure you feel soiled and threatened and all, but everyone seems to think it's just a funny, quirky thing going on so surely you can't complain.

As I grew up, two things happened: I educated myself about feminism, and I met people who lived in different countries - and I finally understood that my gut feeling was right: this shit is *not okay*.

It took my Dutch long-distance boyfriend *years* to actually *believe* the things I was telling him. That a dude had followed me all the way to my front door, trying to get me to have a drink with him despite my insistance that I wasn't interested. That a bunch of kids had called me a whore because I was wearing a dress. He thought that because I was so dismissive of those occurences, I was probably joking in a way that didn't translate well.

Then I visited the Netherlands in the summer. It was very, *very* hot, and as per usual I weighed my options: dress according to the weather and get insulted, or cover myself, be extremely uncomfortable but lower the risk of being harassed. I asked my boyfriend what he thought I should wear, only to be met with a very puzzled look and a "er... wear whatever you want dude." Feeling unusually bold, I decided to wear a tank top and short shorts, hoping my boyfriend's presence would deter some of the usual bullshit.

Then we went out, and... no one gave a flying fuck. No one even looked at me. It was one of the most amazing experiences of my life, I shit you not. Such an amazing feeling of freedom. And that's when I decided that I would move there. It's been two years since I moved to the Netherlands and I haven't gotten even a single disrespectful glance yet.