Two years is a long time.


I'd imagine that a lot of your self worth is invested into the relationship itself and as such any negative trends in the relationship will similarly affect your self worth (which will then negatively affect the relationship, ahhh spiraling downward!).


It has some similarities to someone who puts their all into a job and then gets passed up for a promotion, and again, and again. That kind of trend can really eat away at your self worth, I mean you always thought you were doing excellent work, but they never promoted you, were you wrong? Was all your hard work really not very good? To be fair, much of this is predicated on the ingrained notion of the American dream - work hard and well, get promoted, get more money, do better in life. If you lived in a country rife with corruption where promotions are all based on who you know and who's son you are (I did that purposefully, the countries I'm talking about probably don't let their daughters work) if you don't get promoted it probably means little to your self worth because you know that working hard and well doesn't equal promotions and advancements.


To bring this back around, there is a general notion that if you pick the right person and you work hard at the relationship you'll be happy and the relationship will flourish. That notion puts everything on you. If something goes wrong in the relationship either you picked wrong and wasted two years of your life, or you didn't work hard enough to make the relationship work and clearly you're no good at relationships.


Both of those scenarios are utter fallacies. You could do the best work in a company and still not get promoted for innumerable reasons. In the same sense you could pick the right person and put in good hard work on the relationship and it still might not be filled with happiness.


But if I picked right then the relationship would be great, doesn't the fact that things are so rough inherently mean that I picked wrong? No, because the entire idea of "picking right" is a fallacy. there is no "right" person. You pick who you like at the moment, who seems right for you at the time. And to be fair, they might be almost exactly what you wanted and needed at the time, they may be near perfect for you, at the time. But times change, and so do people. A lot of times they change into people who you won't like and aren't right for you anymore, and they do that entirely through processes that you may have no control over, without any indicators that you could have foreseen. You may have hated mustard all your life and then one day in your forties you try mustard and realize its amazing. Often, people just change, and usually, its not about mustard.


How to regain self worth?
Well, you could remove your investment in the relationship. Yeah, you will have lost a lot, but it's like the stock market, you invested and you lost; you can either keep throwing good money after bad or you can pull out and start regrowing your fund. (This was a metaphor for breaking up)


However, if that's not the route you want to go then I suggest creating something. Pick something, anything, woodworking, gardening, writing, making origami. I personally write. I write stories with a hero and I always imagine myself as the hero. The actions my hero takes are the actions I take, and when I reread my work, however sophomoric it is, it makes me smile. Whatever else goes on in the world I have created this, from the eddies of the eternal nothing I have brought forth something unique. Lastly, and perhaps most importantly, don't ask people for their opinions on whatever you create. There opinions don't matter (Note: ironically the more intelligent people are the harder time they tend to have doing this since they will tend to overanalyze their creative works against other creative works and see any disparities as proof of their lack of talent. So this can be a double edged sword, tread carefully, but it works for me)


Lastly, I am both a male and have only been in a couple of very serious relationships, so apologies if I wasn't the focus group you were expecting answers from. Worst case scenario, you can take this all to be nonsensical ranting, imagine how much smarter you are than this crazy guy on the internet, and maybe that'll give your self worth a little boost ;)