edit - Fixed some pronouns and terms since I compiled these comments from my past posts (around the time of my breakup two years ago, with someone I thought was "the one") for you, and added advice on your living situation. Oh, and please remember to eat. If you can't, buy a pack of Ensure to get some nutrients in ya. Partners may come and go, but your body is yours and the only one you have to work with, so take care of it!

The first few days are going to be hard, but it gets better. Your heart doesn't feel like it's being carved out slowly much anymore, and you'll look forward to taking back control of your life. Think of how to make yourself you again (we all give a bit of ourselves away when we're with someone), how to improve yourself, and what things you've always wanted to do. You will feel good again! Stay strong, friend!

Firstly, reach out to your network. Your friends and your family will be there for you! They'll be happy to go out and do something with you, or even take you out somewhere. Talk to them online or ring up a close friend every time you get the urge to talk to your ex-boyfriend when it's "unnecessary" or if you're feeling the hurts. You are not alone, and you are loved. Remember that.

When you're alone: Watch some funny videos on Youtube. Browse through Reddit pictures. Listen to good (not sad!) breakup music (I have a playlist if you want it); music fills an empty mind and is very therapeutic. Pick up a book that looks interesting and read it. Go running. Write - write all the feelings and things you want to say out, it really helps! Search in TwoX about breakups and keep on reading this kind of advice – it's the only way I got myself through my own breakup two years ago.

If you're truly stuck with the apartment, go through it with a friend this weekend to clean it up and separate the spaces. Make your space yours. You should find someone or several people to do this with you. Don't do this by yourself. Buy new bedsheets, buy a body pillow, rearrange furniture in your room or common spaces, put possible trigger items away. Make the space yours again, not "ours." It will hopefully be fun and therapeutic, and help with the mental separation with he relationship and within the apartment.

If you can figure out the lease and can stay somewhere else for a few days, do it. Give yourself some breathing room away from him. Stay with a trusted friend, or spend a couple nights with your parents. Move out as soon as you can. Separate yourself from the mess. Start over.

You will come out a better and more amazing woman. Believe in that and believe in yourself. You will find someone who deserves you, treats you the right way, respects you, and loves you just as much as you love him. You will find someone who respects you and the relationship enough to work on the relationship and stay committed to it. Believe in that. I know it's hard to fathom right now, but remind yourself that you are deserving of that special person who wants to be with you. You might even be able to look back and be thankful that this relationship ended, so the changes and people that come after had the chance to be. I look back and see that the best thing my ex did for me was leave me. 

Push forward, stay strong, and keep your head up. This too shall pass.

Love and hugs, sister!!!