I have always been a big believer that one of the major traits that determines a strong character either male or female is a matter of agency. 

Agency is at it's most basic the ability to make choices and to an extent determine ones own fate. This does not mean that the character does not have obstacles are not obstacles that prevent the fulfillment of these desires and motivations but in that conflict we develop them as a character. At this point their successes, failures, virtues and flaws are all so much window dressing suited for that particular character.  is the real barrier to their agency something that happened in their past or an external force?  do they use strength or cunning to overcome an adversary? is their biggest asset that they just have a strong internal motivation or "grit"?

conversely a "weak character" be they male or female is defined by their lack of  ability to determine their fate, do they simply submit to their lot on life or those who would keep them from achieving their goals?

As a fan of anime I think their are many great examples of "strong  characters" both male and female in Hiromu Arakawa's manga fullmetal alchemist. *probable spoilers ahead* for example Riza Hawkeye. she is a strong character for many reasons but the most obvious and sometimes overlooked one is that she contributes to the eventual  defeat of father while not getting swallowed up in the background of all these other major characters particularly Roy Mustang. Conceptually it would be easy to lose track of Riza simply because she is a regular person in a world filled with alchemical monsters and pseudo magical-science heros but she capitalizes on the change she can effect by using her connections, training and instincts in a way that benefits the whole mob of protagonists we have buy the end. Truthfully the intel she manages to pass along is one of the strongest weapons they have in fighting father for a good portion of the show. Her and Roy's relationship as characters is really interesting as well, seeing as there is room for "bad writing" to capitalize on the lowanging fruit of their massive difference in authority. Alchemists are immediately granted the rank of Major which is mostly ceremonial as the only pre-requite is being an alchemist useful to the state while Riza had assumedly to go through officer school and see some combat in order to have the rank of Lieutenant (and she serves as Roy's adujent) . However their cluster of overlapping titles both earned and ceremonial fall to the wayside not because the have a romantic involvement (which can be hit or miss in the cannon) but rather because they have a legitimate respect and trust for one another forged over years of service. their cattyness back and forth is a sign of this respect and anyone paying even a semblance of attention can see that their realationship for one another goes well outside what is stated in the show. This does not go too far the other way as well, although Roy is the butt of several jokes with the implication being that Riza possesses all the tactical knowledge and his is a bit of a screw up at times Riza does not need to belittle Roy to make her a good character, it is that they can work together and on their own effectively and grow as characters without the pretense of a power imbalance is a small amount of evidence that they are both shows they are both not only strong characters but well developed ones as well.

I hope that contributes something to the conversation!