> The idea that all drunken sex is rape is a straw man. Rather, when someone is so drunk they can't stand up, their ability to make informed decisions is impaired, and they can be coerced into doing things.

I think that this often doesn't reflect what policies are actually in place.  Take [Harvard](http://osapr.harvard.edu/faq and [Yale](http://smr.yale.edu/definitions-sexual-misconduct-consent-and-harassment).  Harvard says, in response to "When is too drunk to consent?":

> According to Massachusetts law, drunk is too drunk to consent

Thanks.  And for Yale:

> Consent cannot be obtained from someone who is asleep or otherwise mentally or physically incapacitated, whether due to alcohol, drugs, or some other condition. A person is mentally or physically incapacitated when that person lacks the ability to make or act on considered decisions to engage in sexual activity.

OK it's if the person its "mentally incapacitated" due to being drunk, which is when they can't make "considered decisions".  What's a "considered decision" anyway?  How considered is considered?

The thing is, these definitions are all vague as hell.  And speaking of MA law, IIRC the Massachusetts courts have explicitly said that "too drunk to consent" does *not* mean unconscious or semi-conscious.  And you hear people say "blackout drunk" is too drunk\*, when a person can be blackout and still fully conscious and everything, not "so drunk they can't stand up".

I think this vagueness is part of the point, actually - look at this from Harvard:

> At OSAPR, though, we want to respect someone’s experience of what happened to him/her. If your friends aren’t upset about what happened then that’s great for them. One person might not feel affected by an experience that would, to another person, be devastating.

I think what this is really about is making it vague enough that if someone feels like they've been raped, they don't have to deal with these technical definitions.  Their attitude is "if this person is upset enough to be reporting this, then what the person did was probably wrong, and the person was probably too drunk."  So it's basically a way to call all drunk sex potentially rape, and then rely on the idea that if it wasn't rape the person wouldn't report it.

\* The Harvard page suggests this:

> The person who initiates the sexual act is at fault. After all, *if you’re both blackout* and you sit next to each other all night, nothing bad has happened. But if a sexual assault occurs, someone initiated it and that person is at fault.

But this "initiated" answer bothers me.  Sex isn't something 1 person does to another.  And often it's an escalating thing, with different steps initiated by different people (and what counts as initiation anyway?  If one person tells the other person to do something, and that person does it, who initiated?).  Especially given things happening quickly, and people having bad memories due to alcohol, and not to mention the social pressure for the man to initiate even when both people want to do it.  It really seems like a way of saying "if they're both drunk it's the man's fault."