As an officer I'll try and step in to answer as many questions as I can.

>>Shouldn't a police officer understand that dealing with trauma victims is part of their job? Shouldn't that knowledge alone make you at least slightly understanding of the fact that some things take time? That you should be a little bit more gentle with victims and not treat them as suspects? Am I just crazy?

I can't speak to his tone and demeanor.  I wasn't there, I don't know how he phrased the questions but none of his questions were inappropriate on their face.  The one exception I see is 'Why didn't you scream or push him off you'.  That's something we need to know but shouldn't be phrased so adversarially.  As for saying she should have reported it sooner, that's certainly inappropriate if phrased that way.  If he just asked why that's not inappropriate.  

As for dealing with trauma victims: you have to understand where we are coming from.  I hate to feed the MR trolls, but the vast majority of crime 'reports' are bullshit.  This includes rape.  We take a lot of reports for rape that aren't rapes like we do every crime.  This means we need to ask hard questions and push even our victims and witnesses.  How much or how little is hard to say.  I'm sorry the process isn't easier but to a certain extent it has to be that way.

I've handcuffed grieving family members, interrogated victims of any number of crimes and had to yell at gunshot victims.  It's not easy to do what we need to do and be able to spare everyone's feelings at the same time.

>>And, if possible, I want to know if there is any legal action that we can take in order to file a new police report, although I'm sure that's not actually possible once the original is filed, or maybe take action against that officer?

Filing a new report is referred to as cop shopping and it's generally frowned upon.  About 98% of the time I get these I send them back to the original officer.  With something as serious as a rape, I'd recommend going down to the station and ask to speak with their Sex Crimes Unit directly if at all possible.  You may have some luck there, but I imagine unless they know the original cop and consider him an idiot you won't have much luck.  

As for filing a complaint, like others here have said, every police department has a complaint system.  Call the main desk and advise them that you'd like to make a complaint about an officer.  Then you have to keep hounding them to get the results.  Here I'm getting into fuzzier territory, but for us you'll either get a notification that it's been handled internally or a notice that it was referred to Internal Affairs.  If it's handled internally and you call again to say you aren't satisfied that will almost always get it pushed to IA.

When you do go in to file a complaint my biggest piece of advice:  Keep your cool.  You're not going to like the process and it's frustrating and even when they are doing something it will feel like they aren't. But if you go in there yelling and screaming it undermines your case and lets them paint you as the unreasonable one.  Be as poised as you can and you'll get a lot more traction.