Personally, I don't do a lot of these things because if I do them "wrong" my wife will redo them later the way she wants to do them. So what is the point of trying?

I keep the areas I regularly occupy (family room, office, bedroom) clear of clutter and vacuum the downstairs regularly. I clean up after our daughter and do most of the laundry work. I cook dinner two or three nights a week.

But I don't shop for groceries, because my wife doesn't make lists and has a lot of health brands/items that only she eats and I wouldn't know to replace. I tell her if we need milk or butter or whatever but I'm not going to stop and pick these things up because I'll probably get the wrong one, or will have ruined my wife's plan to save $.50 on the next gallon of milk because she had a coupon for it that I didn't know about.

I don't put away any of our plastic containers or glassware containers because I don't stack them the same way my wife does. If I do attempt to put them away, she will be in there an hour later re-stacking them her preferred way.

The best thing you can do is refrain from criticizing him for doing a chore but not doing it the way you want it done. And don't redo it for him. For example, if he cleans the kitchen but puts a mixing bowl back in the "wrong place", just move on. Don't do what my wife does and drag him into the kitchen and say "I'm not trying to criticize or say you did anything wrong, but this mixing bowl goes under the sink to the left, not the right." I'm thinking (not saying), "Who says it goes there? You? Did we have a house meeting about where the mixing bowl goes that I don't remember? Why can't I be the one who decides where the mixing bowl goes and I want it to go here? Isn't it enough that I thought to put it away?"

If you decide to share in the management of certain household chores, expect that you will do them in different ways and accept the effort put in by your SO. Don't criticize, don't redo. Offer suggestions if you must, but keep in mind that they will often come across as criticism even if you don't intend them to. Be willing to make some compromises because your SO may not hold certain things to the same standard that you do.