I've nearly finished the first year of my PhD. I'm in the UK where it's just a 3-4 year programme and is all independent research, so it's quite a bit different to the US system

Overall, I love my PhD. I love doing research and I love my topic. I go through good and bad patches, though.

The biggest issue for me is that I'm 29 (I worked for 3 years between undergrad and masters, and 2 years between masters and PhD), and will be over 30 before I'm earning a decent salary again. I'm reaching a point in my life where I want to have a nice house and maybe think about starting a family (damn hormones), but I'm a long way off of being able to do that. Before I started my PhD I had a decent job and potential to earn a lot more, but I got no satisfaction from the work. I feel guilty because my husband and I aren't doing great for money and he feels that he should give up on his career aspirations in order to earn more.

I don't want to stay in academia, but having the PhD will enable me to do a job that interests me (as long as I do the necessary networking), so is a means to an end. However, I feel that, really, a job is a job and I should just have carried on doing what I was doing so that we could enjoy the other parts of our lives more. I'm not sure that the slightly better job is worth putting our lives on hold for. The PhD feels like a big indulgence. I'm thrilled to be able to do it, but feel that it's holding me back from other things that I also want to do. 

Also. It's really hard work. Between the research, being a teaching assistant, the networking type stuff, and my part time job, I'm pretty much on the clock 24/7. It takes its toll and I have to work hard at maintaining relationships and can't really devote any time to my hobbies. 

Honestly, if I could go back a year then I would probably tell myself to find a more interesting job rather than do the PhD. But I do love my PhD and I feel incredibly lucky to be able to do it seeing as it's more or less impossible to get funding.