Everybody going to grad school is passionate and has a great life-story to back them up. What you need to do is show HOW your story will play out in the future as a member of their program, and as a member of that professional culture once grad school is done. So, basically, as much as you can, cut everything personal unless they specifically ask for it. 

So your answer to why you want an MA in HA isn't about how you were inspired by your grandmother and your aunt and its always been your passion. It should read more along the lines of "I was first inspired toward HA by my role models. As I learned more about the field, I realized not only do I have a genuine interest, but I also possess these skills that will allow me to excel as a professional in the field"  You have chosen that university for similar reasons- not because you think its a good fit and you like the culture, but because the staff is the highest ranked within your primary interest, or it has the best relationship with X____ teaching hospital, or it has this relationship with a non-profit health organization that you'd ultimately like to work in. 

As for the last question, another way to word it is "What mark do you want to leave on the world?"

Grad school applications are exceptionally difficult. Undergrad they want to know about YOU, the student. For Grad school, they want to know what you will offer as a commodity, and as a member of whatever academic or professional community they are training you to enter. Will you remain involved and contribute to the community whether as a teacher or powerful professional? Or will you use all these precious resources and return nothing on their investment?

Keep it very tightly focused on how you will be a valuable Health Adminsitrator, and how This School will be your partner in reaching your serious goals. Anything personal, put a very technical and professional spin on it. The biggest mistake people make when applying to grad school is focusing on their own passion for the topic. Everybody loves their topic, so you have o show how you will succeed and *contribute to the field*. That is the most important part ever. **CONTRIBUTE TO THE FIELD!**