> Oh wow. I have a serious problem with this statement. There seems to be an attitude among some feminists that "I'm not even going to have a conversation with you unless you start off by accepting that I'm right." No. It shouldn't matter if somebody's comments are "feminist" or "promote gender equality." If somebody makes a comment that is true, it should be accepted. If a person says "not all men rape" that statement is true and should be accepted, even if that person is not a feminist.

The article is about "not all men" **as a response to feminist expression**.  So if the comments made were not about feminism then my response, and the article is irrelevant.  That is why it's important, in this context, to know if the comments in question were feminist.

> No it's actually extremely relevant. If a person says "I was robbed by a black guy, so therefore all black guys are muggers" that statement should be condemned as wrong and bigoted. It makes no difference if men do something. Even if 99% of men rape (which they do not), it is still unfair and sexist to say "men rape." Because "men" do not rape. A certain percentage of men rape. And if feminists are serious about spreading their message (as opposed to just yelling at people), they should be very careful about their language.

If the person was robbed by a black guy, and the response is "Not all black guys are robbers", then that is not relevant to that person's personal experience, nor does is change the fact that the individual is question was robbed by a black guy.  I think you would be hard-pressed to find feminist writing which says "I was raped by a man; therefore, all men rape." 

> Once again, men should not be generalized. It's wrong to say "men take less responsibility for caregiving of the elderly." Some men do, some men don't. Even if men overall were less likely to take care of the elderly, saying that "men take less responsibility" is a bigoted and sexist thing to say.

This is a perfect example of my point.  Saying "some men do, some don't" ignores the fact that overall, [men take less responsibility for caregiving of the elderly](http://jag.sagepub.com/content/early/2013/10/29/0733464813508649.abstract).  The "overall" is implied.  It's how people talk.  Just like, if I ask "Why do dogs have tails?" the "overall" is implied.  Responding with "Well, not all dogs have tails. Some dogs do; some dogs don't.  Don't go painting all dogs with the same brush." is ridiculous and is a intentional manipulation of the issue.  

> There are a lot of blogs and other forums, written by lesser-educated feminists, that regularly use terms like "men" or "white men" in a broad, general sense. If you ignore that this happens a lot, you are being disingenuous.

I do see that  lot, in the context of talking about phenomena.  In those same article, I see women discussed in broad strokes as well, again, in teh context of talking about phenomena.  What I don't see frequently is "all men" or "all white men". 

> This goes back to "I won't talk to you unless you're a feminist" thing.

Again, the context of the conversation is feminism.  And frankly, I don't feel the need to justify being buddy-buddy with someone who does not believe in the equality of people. 

> Wow, you just generalized "feminists" and "men." Do you realize how intellectually un-sound that is??

Yes, I did. Deliberately. In a tongue-in-cheek manner to emphasise a point.  As highlighted by the sentence immediately following the generalization. 