Your weight comment really spoke to me. My boyfriend has been kinda peeved with me lately (I moved from the east coast to the west coast for a job and have been a lot more sedentary) because I don't work out or anything. I don't mean this in a bad way-he isn't telling me I'm fat or anything, just that he's noticed I'm not doing stuff I normally do if that makes sense and he is peeved that I'm just complaining but not actually doing anything. If he bugged me about it again, I was going to tell him to imagine himself with a huge weight on his body- not just shoulders or back, but whole body. Image trying to do *anything* with this huge weight on your body. It's basically impossible. He has been reading up on it and I'm really happy that he is doing that on his own, but it's not something you can fully understand overnight, I suppose.


Thank you for explaining it some more- yet another thing the doctor failed to mention. When I asked him what I should expect he just said "better." I wanted to wring his damn neck. How can you be a doctor without explaining things to your patients??

You're right about the therapist thing and I am going to keep looking but I think I commented somewhere else on here that I just need some time to vent/recharge/regroup about my current situation before I'm ready to take up the fight again. And it's really nice to hear that someone else understands that just to get better you aren't just fighting yourself, like most people would assume, you're also fighting all the stupid little things like what we've mentioned along the way that impede your progress. 

I just have a problem fighting for myself in general-something that started at some point but I'm not sure how to get it back. I had really shitty doctors when I was pregnant; the first appointment the bitch (and I don't use that word lightly she was THE WORST) doctor *started asking me what birth control I was interested in trying and started trying to push the IUD*. I'm not making this up. 

They did a test to make sure I was pregnant, I told them I was keeping it, but because I was 20 "too young" the conversation started about *birth control*. It was an accident but it didn't matter, I was going to keep it. Not to mention how straight up racist she was to my boyfriend (he's hispanic and we were in a very white area). I saw a different doctor the next visit and the doctor was asking *me* if I felt like I was puking too much when I told her I felt that I was puking too much- I HATE when doctors ask that. "Doctor, I'm puking a lot. What do I do?" "Patient, well do you feel like it's too much?"  Fast forward 12 weeks and (unfortunately for me) the bitch doctor is the only one who does the d&c procedure, which I elected to do for the baby that died inside me at 12 weeks. While I was drugged up during the d&c procedure she was still pushing the IUD. I thought a person on anesthetics or whatever was unable to give consent (shit I couldn't do anything else but weep), I just barely managed to squeak out a no.

OH and that reminds me of the doctor who assumed my d&c was for an abortion and *chastised* me about taking my BC even though my boyfriend was 3000miles away and my dad was in the hospital (causing me to not be too cognizant of taking it).

ALL THE RAGE. I think I'm going to go to chipotle now and eat and watch pokemon or something to cool off. Sorry for such a long comment I don't expect you to respond!