I didn't include the armpit research, and the vagina research only applied to the vagina, not the vulva (The vulvic micribiome is currently under study). The armpit research I read said that the hairy regions flourish, while the areas without skin are like a 'desert'. Also, the armpit microbes both helped with inflammation and immune response.

Although research has not been conducted about weather or not removing the microbial habitat (hair) affections microbial populations, initial research suggests that it may. In addition, initial clinical trials suggest that diseases may either occur more frequently in people with pubic hair, and that they may exhibit worse conditions, as in more sores from Pox, Herpes, and warts. Small populations sizes and only clinical trials, so who knows.....but the hypothesis that removing hair may contribute to greater transfer of disease and a worse disease response is not far fetched. I think this goes beyond what healthy bacteria we transfer to our fetus.

I have thought about the significants of the fact that I can't influence the porn that boys watch, nor access the pubescent girls, thus making influencing appreciation of diversity and increasing body security near imposible. I am thus making not attempt to do that. I also have not interest in changing peoples personal grooming habbits. Rather, I am interested in increasing people's access to be able to choose what they want, and the only way to do this, as I can see, is to change the language that we use. 

We have had a civil discussion about this topic, probobaly because I requested that people be kind. My hope is that people see this as a bullying, diversity issue and choose to enforce kind language through peer pressure, just like they have about other issues of race or gender or sexual preference. If someone is homophobic, that is fine, but it doesn't mean that gay bashing is ok. If someone is Chaetophobic, that is fine, but it doesn't mean that hair bashing is fine. This is the only foothold I may have - an appeal to kindness.