The *principle* of the universality of human rights *is* simple.  The implementation is complex, and fraught with prejudice and imbalance.

Women do not have to make a career/child decision!  *Families* have to make that decision.  Yes, there are imbalances which mean that the only option for many families is for the woman to raise the kids and the man to work.  You would say that those imbalances often denies women the right to choose a career, and you would be correct.  However, I expect that there are many men who would prefer to stay at home and raise the kids.  Those men are affected by the imbalance too.  Those same imbalances also deny men the right to choose raising the kids.  However, I do not protest that this is mistreatment of men, or complain about a lack of "men's rights," although society often does deny men this right, and there is real inequality therein.  I advocate absolute and unequivocal equality of rights.  ~~Women have the right to a career.  Men have a right to a career.  Women have the right to raise their children.  Men have the right to raise their children.~~  A human has the right to a career.  A human has the right to raise their children.  A family has the right to choose which parent will raise the children, and which parent will go out and work.

Let's try and explain it using a parallel issue with varying grounds.  The denial of the right of women to vote was once considered a women's issue.  It is not.  Throughout history, there have been examples of people denied the right to vote, because they are women, because they are black, because they are peasants, and so on.  It is not a gender issue, it is not a race issue, it is not a class issue, it is a human issue.  That the grounds for discrimination have changed does not in any way change the unswerving right of *all people* to vote.  I do not favour men.  I do not favour women.  I do not favour whites.  I do not favour blacks.  I do not favour aristocracy.  I do not favour peasants.  I do not have an agenda.