Honestly I think a subreddit devoted solely to being a woman or a man is a terrible idea because at a certain point, you're scraping the barrel and doing nothing but regurgitating the same thing over and over again. 
 
There are no such thing as a safe space on the Internet and to try to make one, you're going to be hit with resistance. 

What would I like to see? A complete overhaul. 

No more posts relating to medical questions. As someone who's worked in healthcare, 98% of the advice given here is woefully inaccurate and can put someone at risk. Anecdotal advice about your best friends mom's period isn't helping anyone.

Get rid of IFF, or Look At Me Fridays.  It's nothing but asinine posts that serve no purpose other than to say "look at me/my mom/some female doing x"  One such post today was of someone holding a turtle. What's the point exactly? Go post it in r/pics. 

Instead of Fifty million posts about rape, make one mega post about it.  I'm a part of other subs and if a similar post is made repeatedly, a mega post is created for the subject while the others are deleted so you don't have 200 of the same thing floating around. This could work with IFF as well. 

After that, I'd like to see things like, woman of the month. Where every month a woman from science, history, technology, entertainment, ect. is featured. You could feature Laverne Cox, Marie Curie, Betty Holberton, Kathleen Hanna. Instead of lamenting and whining about how women are so invisible, show how wrong that statement is.  Show people all these amazing women who are inspirational and bad ass. 

Quit with the us vs. them tone. It's childish and annoying to read how this is supposed to be such a great and wonderful place and then you see anyone that has an opinion that differs from that of the majority, is inherently wrong, an enemy of the subreddit and dismissed. 

Aside from that, I'd just like to see better content that relates to women instead of Jezebel, XoJane and similar websites plastered everywhere. I can read it on their website and probably already have. I think it's terribly redundant to read the same thing over and over and over again.