OK, step one is to take a step back and stop thinking about your situation as something that has happened to you. We create our lives. You didn't make your husband the way he is, of course, but my point is that you are the creator of your life, with full agency, not a victim or a passive observer. When you say "while nothing physical has ever happened it wouldn't surprise me if it did," little alarms ring in my brain, because that's the kind of language that distances you from being responsible for what happens.

Take charge of yourself and your power to choose.

The immediate problem now is that you don't seem to know what you want. Do you want to fix your marriage? That will take some hard work and real commitment and parts of it may not be pleasant. Do you want to leave your marriage? That's going to be hard too. Do you want to just drift along unhappily and fall into an affair without really deciding to? That's an option, but I don't advise it.

It sounds as if your husband has personal work to do. It will require the assistance of a therapist. From what you say, he's not really fully available to be in a marriage right now, so therapy should be a top priority. If I were you, I'd make it couples therapy. Your husband probably thinks his life is working quite well except for his relationship with you...and that would be working fine if you didn't want to change him somehow, if his emotional life hadn't somehow become subject to your attempted control. (I'm just trying to imagine how it might seem to him when you let him know you want therapy.)

You say you love him and I'll take your word for that. We don't need to know why. But I will tell you this: You don't want to spend a lifetime with the person you described to us. Everyone deserves more than that. So if you're committed to staying in the marriage, get yourselves into couples therapy.

Your flirtation with having an affair suggests to me that you may not be fully committed to the marriage. That's okay. People fall in love and they fall out of love. That's been a fact of life since marriage was invented, and it is explicitly recognized by an entire body of civil law. If you've decided that the lack of emotional involvement with your husband is something you aren't willing to settle for, then you are not only entitled to leave, you are right to leave. It will be better for him too, though he may not realize it. 

It is not honorable, however, to try to have it both ways, to be in the marriage and out of it at the same time. That's where you're headed with your co-worker. You're supplementing your lack of emotional satisfaction with your husband by flirting and sharing with another man. You don't need us to tell you that's not right. Of course it isn't. You've got to decide if you're in your marriage or your're out, and then act accordingly.

If you are telling this co-worker the things you've told us, sharing your dissatisfaction with your marriage, then stop. Nobody outside your marriage should ever hear that sort of thing unless it's someone you've hired to help you fix it. It's disrespectful to your husband and disrespectful to your marriage. The little shot of "oh, I'm understood" warmth in your belly isn't sufficient to make up for the way you have to avoid your own gaze in the mirror. Respect the privacy of your marriage. You owe yourself that.

I suspect you are setting up your co-worker to participate in an "exit affair." This is an affair you have when you don't have the guts to file for divorce, or you 51% want one but you don't want to be the one to break up the marriage. You dither and wait and suffer...and then you sleep with someone outside the marriage to put an end to that impossible state. It's a way of pulling the trigger on a dying marriage.

For what it's worth, in the history of the world, only three or four women have wound up in a long-term relationship with the guy they had the exit affair with. That's not what those affairs are for.

Good luck.