I did it at your age, too. People told me they did not notice the bump on the bridge of my nose until I asked their opinions and pointed it out to them. My closest friends told me that they thought it gave me a "cute" character. Though my parents supported me, they said they thought I was a bit crazy for thinking it didn't look good. The doctor had told me beforehand that while he could clearly see what I was talking about, he did not think my new look would make me "more attractive." 

Nobody at all noticed I'd had a nose job when I came back after break. To me it was a huge change though because it had legitimately distracted me when looking in the mirror prior. I did feel better and stopped being so focused on it in the mirror and in pictures.

But I was not completely happy with the results. I had thought my new nose would give me a certain look and frankly, it didn't. The doctor promised it would look "better" based on my own definition of what I wanted and thought beauty was (the popular scoop nose slightly smaller which also included shaving down my hanging columellum and evening the nostril flare on both sides). The doctor said to wait a few months for things to settle and when I still wasn't happy with it, I completely understood how and why people can get obsessed with "beauty" and have multiple surgeries...which result of course in a "fake"/surgeried look. To this day, I have residual nerve damage that causes a constant but now faded sense of one nostril being itchy.

Almost five years later, I was looking through pictures of myself and decided it WAS cute before the surgery; your face changes over time when your baby fat deposits go away, it just takes a different shape that results in the look you get where people start to be able to tell you are late 20s/early 30s ie an "adult." Now that it's almost 10 years later, I wish I hadn't messed with it until I knew what my adult face would eventually look like. Mostly because everyone's face IS uneven and it's just part of their charm. I comfort myself hoping that perhaps it won't eventually grow quite as large as it would have as I age (your nose and ear cartilage never stops growing).

You might legitimately be able to get yourself up a point on the 1-10 hotness factor. Maybe you can understand this, but attractiveness can be almost 100% the person's attitude, style, and this includes they way they hold their facial features to represent how they feel which is mostly something you can control. This is because the way you make other people feel based on the vibe they get from you has a huge impact on how they judge your look. For instance, you can make a drastic change to your regular facial expression just by being mindful holding your eyebrows, cheeks, mouth and jaw in a certain position until you change the tone of your muscles (eg people who always look grumpy, nervous or ready to fight vs those who look like they just smelled some roses and see a rainbow ahead). You can think of it as acting until you get a new look. I did this myself to try to stop my brows from furrowing as I realized at one point I was getting a crease between them. I also changed the way my smile looks through practice.

I don't know what you look like or what surgery can accomplish for you. My surgery didn't do what I thought it would for me afterall. So that's just my reality.