I admire you for sharing your story. I experienced a similar relationship with a partner for over two years. I still have trouble understanding how there are people out there who exist that are capable of manipulating young and naive girls and will do so to the point that they feel trapped and as if they have no other options left for them. Some of the incidents that happened still haunt me, I am still trying to work through even though it has been more than a year since I was in that situation. I got out of it under different circumstances, although, it is still a struggle for me to say that I have fully accepted it as a learning experience and not wonder why I was put through such a nightmare.

There is help for people in similar situations, but, they need to come to the conclusion to leave that abusive relationship entirely on their own before they can make the decision.

I just think you should know I understand that when you say you may have fought back, it is only through the fact that you were truly fighting for your life and after episodes like that, it is hard to remember who the victim is. Especially when these men who treat woman like that are so masterful in manipulating the victim into thinking that they are the crazy and cruel one in the relationship.

I just saw this cool quote on reddit by Bruce Willis 

http://imgur.com/jlJjXrf

I think it is something good for myself to keep in mind. Although, you seem to be working through a different set of emotional obstacles than myself. I still think it is good to keep in mind.

Thanks again for sharing your story. It is a good reminder for people who have gone through similar things are not alone in facing such a challenge in life. And that other people struggle with the emotional, physical recovery as well as the struggle in realizing that the law may be there to help, but, certain consequences will never be fully realized by the abuser and user in legal terms. 

I am learning to have faith in karma once more. For now, that is where I hope these men will learn of justice and retribution.