The clock runs out for men too. Once you are no longer a young, attractive man access to reproduction becomes a matter of economic persuasion (Look at me, look at me, bear my children and they will have an economic advantage over other children)

The longer a man waits to have children the greater the chance that the DNA in his sperm will have mutations or damage just as an older womans eggs do. That results in a greater probability of various congenital defects that can result in the children not being able to have children themselves, making the process pointless from a genetic or lineage perspective.

In an ideal world, where no woman has to depend on any man for economic stability,  physical safety or any other resources required for successfully raising children - effectively removing any type of coercion from the mate selection process and making it entirely dependant upon a womans choice to select her mate entirely on aesthetic, emotional, or romantic factors - what choice does a man have in regards to reproductive rights? I hypothesise that the only choice he has is whether or not to accept the invitation of a woman to participate. He can woo, seduce, or use some other form of psychological or emotional manipulation, but the decision is ultimately a womans.

Men do not even have the choice to take the risk of a pregnancy in pursuit of progeny.

All abilities to act in a social structure are either imbued rights or earned privileges. If there is a third descriptor I would greatly appreciate it if you could explain it to me.

I'm trying to establish a more abstract conceptualization of reproductive rights, by trying to frame them inside an idealized world view, then working backwards to the current imperfect world we live in.

Just to be clear - I WANT a world where women have absolute and utter control of their own destinies and total freedom to pursue their dreams and ambitions to the fullest, where they never have to fear male aggression, or submit to patriarchy (I have two daughters and want their lives to be as good as possible); I'm just trying to explore the concept of Reproductive Rights from a male perspective and cannot do that without the opportunity to engage women with strong opinions and views that challenge my perceptions and the way I state them. I won't mind being proven wrong if it is done so in a logical manner.