I'm really sorry you're going through this - I've been there, it's a tough place to be.  I've had my share of interviews over the years (I've been on Wall St for ~10 years now), and there have been some down right traumatic ones, especially around 2008 when it seemed like I had to interview and re-interview with my current boss, or just hired replacement boss, constantly, just to justify holding down my current job.  But in the end, I've found a few tricks that have really helped me, since, anytime I am looking for a job change, I've been able to find myself in a multiple offer scenario, often jumping my income enormously in the process.  I hope they help you too.

First, it's been my experience that those doing the interviewing often make up their mind over whether or not to hire you within minutes of first meeting you to talk.  Whether it's an introduction, or a quick background, they are often looking for someone articulate, engaging and confident.  For me, it took quite a few interviews to be able to come up with a 2 liner of sorts of who I was, what I wanted, and where I saw myself in 5 years.  This helped to get out in front of the questions, and control the direction of the interview somewhat.  And you can obviously tailor this spiel to whatever position you're applying for, depending on what your end goal is.

I would second the advice here, that needing extra time to answer a question is perfectly normal, and often times seen as a great strength.  No one likes a know it all, so showing some humanity and needing a second to think on the spot isn't a huge ask in the least.  I've even used this to show some extra thought when I feel like a particular question was lobbed that is extra sensitive to the hiring process, such as when handling conflict comes up, or when a "what is your biggest challenge" type surfaces, even if I instantaneously had an answer ready.

Approach, in my experience, has made a world of difference.  If I go into an interview nervous, it is because I feel like I need to beg for the hiring manager's mercy, I am not in control of the situation, and the anxiety is all consuming, borderline suffocating.  Instead, if I prepare, plan out my intro spiel in advance, brainstorm a main message to circle back to, to "close the loop" so to speak, on why I would be the best hire for a job, I find things go much better.  I'm not saying this is easy, we women, by nature, do not like to be, or even appear to be, boastful.  But look at it as listing the facts, if you had to verbally jot down 3 things you've done recently at your current job, what would they be?  

As an example: often I am able to tie back my past performance/experience in dollar/time terms (and again this is something that would have to be tailored to the job for which you are interviewing), so I can illustrate value.  "Describe for me your responsibilities in your last position, why are you looking to leave?"  "Well, I was responsible for xx% of work flow regarding to a, b, and c projects for d, e, f clients.  While I was not the lead on all, I was behind the scenes, making sure those in the driver's seat had the most accurate information, to not only engage with the client, but to under promise on deliverables, so that expectations could be exceeded, time and again.  This resulted in our team being awarded $xxxxx amount of additional business over the span of x months.  And while this team is very strong, the people are great to work with, and I've even found myself with a few new role models, I have this plan to be in this place in 5 years, as we talked about earlier, and I want to make sure I am continually advancing in expanding my skill set.  Your team here is doing this abc project which is of great interest to me, I think I could particulary help in regards to xyz component, would you mind elaborating a little on that component, if you have time?"  This approach has worked time and again for me, and I make sure to mention whatever component we discussed in my thank you letters to underscore what I'm bringing to the table.  

My main take away though has been this: interviewers are people too, they want to feel like they are making a difference in the world, and that they are important.  In circling back to how you phrase things to close the loop on why you would be a great hire, try to think of the report this interviewer has to give back to his/her boss later in the day.  "Oh, you met with this person?  How was she?  Where was she at her last job?  What could she do for us?"  Think of it as a mad lib, if you can give the interviewer snippets he/she can automatically file away mentally to use later on without any extra effort on his/her part, you are already adding value to the firm, and will stand out later when decisions for 2nd/3rd/4th round interviews are made.

And even if you don't get this job, think of it as practice, as others have said.  To be real, it took me ~30 interviews to nail my pitch.  20 to get my initial spiel down and cut down on nerves, but those last 10 were the secret.  Once I found what I wanted my main message to a potential employer to be, it became less of a script, and more of a guideline as to how I presented myself, internalizing it.  And that alone calmed anxiety and allowed me to walk in knowing I could show my best chops.  Think of interviewing less as a random event in life that you may only do a handful of times, say like going to the circus, who really goes to the circus every year?  And instead, look at it as internalizing what your plan for your future is.  Once you have your spiel down, you'll be surprised at where you can drop snippets of it at, especially when it comes to networking.

My most recent example of this was late last summer, I interviewed at 5 different firms over the span of 2 months, going through round after round on each (some went as high as 5 rounds), and at the end of it, literally had 5 offers to choose from, which was an amazing place to be.  When you can demonstrate value up front, and can tie to real data points hiring managers can use, it creates an aura of excitement around you that is infectious.  Word gets around to others involved, so each subsequent round, the interviews become less onerous, as the gates come down one by one.  And in the end, I've often found, salary then becomes a passing discussion point, but that could be another lengthy post in its entirety, and this is already long, so apologies.

If you ever want someone to bounce a practice session or two off of, I'm happy to help.  It may sound corny, but practice does make perfect!  Best of luck!