I will definitely do that. I've already shared that article with my mother, because we've been talking about getting this done together. (With hopes that if we both go through it we can buddy system support each other.) So I'll be sure to look through the rest of it as well and drag her along for any important pointers. :)

> I felt like I was slowly dying a long and painful death where I sat idly watching the rest of the world life the life I wanted to live.


When I was about 15/16 I got into a 4-wheeler accident that mostly tore the ACL in my left knee. My doctor at the time refused to do surgery or anything like that and just insisted that if I didn't use it for six months I'd be fine. Couldn't have been further from the truth. I don't remember what it feels like to be truly physically active anymore. I can't run, can't jog, can't dance. Can't do most sports. Heck, I spent most of my prom in a wheelchair because it'd been 8 months since I'd had any flare ups with my leg and I was so sure it'd be safe to dance. Just two days ago I was sitting on the edge my bed and leaned back to get something on the other side, the act of straightening back up somehow "popped" whatever's going on my my bad leg and that simple action has left me on crutches again. I was barely 26 when a fall left me with a blood clot in my lungs that almost killed me AND on top if it I'd managed to hurt my leg badly enough that from February through October I couldn't walk at all because my leg just couldn't handle any weight. It also gave me the gift of back issues so now I have periods where I can't walk and I also have to be careful because sitting or standing for too long gives me extreme back pain.

I am so, so tired of feeling like I can only really live and experience life through a screen. I'll always be a geek, always love computers, tech, and all sorts of things like that, but damn. I'm not even 30 and yet it feels like my life is already mostly over just because I can't do things.

I just... really don't want to feel like that anymore. I want to live my life to the fullest. I want... hell, I want to be able to live without fear that if I do some fall or some incident will end up offing me just because I had the audacity to not live with someone else.

And I... just dumped a load of text on you. I'm so, so sorry but apparently I really needed to get that off my chest.