I am a gender non-cognitivist and a male. Some people would probably describe me as privileged because I am heterosexual and relatively affluent and educated, but I am also a racial minority so I do have an idea of what institutionalized discrimination and prejudice looks and feels like. I do no not identify with any social movements and am generally averse to activists, though I agree with some of the broader points of feminism/men's rights/radicalfeminism as ideologies. If I had to label myself it would be egalitarian. The main reason I refuse to identify as part of any movement or as an ally to any movement is because of the people who occupy those movements and their inability to entertain that they might be wrong about some things. I tend to be very critical of anyone who externalizes blame for their problems before internalizing some of that blame themselves; people who will, for example, cry patriarchy or racism before acknowledging that maybe they could have worked harder, EVEN IF they are at an unfair disadvantage or perceive that they are, or people who look to validate ones feelings before looking at facts analytically.

All this to say that I view and try to treat people as individuals, not as "men" or "women" or "black" or "white". It is something that I pride myself on as I have experienced discrimination and prejudice for things that were out of my control first hand. I try to look at each situation as unique, even if it falls into some larger cultural pattern.

I have visited this sub a few times before it became defaulted, mostly just to get some perspective about the things people of the opposite sex have to put up with in their daily lives and how some people, at least the people who occupy this subreddit, tend to view those occurrences. I have recently subscribed now that it has become a default. It is interesting for me to read some topics that I think might be controversial or which I find that I disagree with the majority opinion here, or things I just don't know the answers to. Some of the more intimate topics with regards to bodily fluids I like to keep a rational amount of ignorance about, so I just avoid those, but other than that I think a fair amount of interesting topics are addressed here and I have learned a lot about how my actions as a male may be interpreted by some females and how what I do might affect them that I wasn't previously aware of.

I rarely comment out of respect for the sub. I have no female perspective to offer, though I don't think many of the issues that people post about here require a "female perspective only" and I think my perspective would be valuable, if not always welcomed. If I see something I find egregious or something I think is stupid I may make some offhand comment to try to get someone to reflect on themselves, but I try not to argue. If someone is making an incorrect factual statement or asking for a factual answer I can give I will try to answer it clearly. 

Largely, I see women who have opinions which aren't far left dismissed. This place seems like little more than a political echo chamber for radically liberal women; not a sub for all women's perspectives. I'm not sure if that's what this place is intended to be. I don't think so, but that's what it feels like to me. This is hardly surprising as much of reddit is political. I am against "safe spaces" for thought, while I am in favor of treating people with respect and being polite. Some people would say this is "tone-policing", but I just think it's not being an asshole. If you can't disagree without hurling insults or raising your voice I don't think you are going to win many converts to your cause, and I certainly won't take your argument seriously, which is why I think "safe spaces" are self defeating for the causes they are championing, however much they enable the people who are in them to pat themselves on the back.

I don't really care if 2X reverts or not as I am not very invested in this community; but, I think that the move to default, if the mods take their jobs seriously, is a good one. A more diverse population of contributors with more nuanced and disparate views, while there will certainly be and influx of trolls and people just looking to stir up drama, will provide for better discussion of issues and maybe people will be able to critically examine their own beliefs, both the members here and people who might disagree with the general ethos of this sub.



