~~Fair enough. That seems completely reasonable. ~~

> Because equal pay laws harm women.

~~Good point, well made, I find it persuasive. It creates a perverse incentive - say no more.~~

Wait wait. I just re-read your point, and it is some weapons-grade libertarian bullshit.

<The free market automatically imposes a financial penalty on the employer for being sexist.
By implementing equal pay laws, you are reducing that penalty to $0, taking away the woman's freedom to choose, and putting her out of a job because the sexist employer has no incentive to hire her over the man. The free market discourages discrimination in the private sector much more effectively than any law ever could.

Something I simply do not get about libertarians is their total inability to look at reality *the way it is* rather than in their John Gault fantasy. Right now there *already is* huge disparity in what women earn *for the same jobs* as men - and this is in a system that *is already* free market. So, no, in fact, the free market does *not* offer this incentive. The free market maximizes one thing, and one thing only: profit for those who have money. In fact, it is precisely *because* of this that women are taken advantage of by employers, who look to hire cheaper, similarly qualified employees as men. This is the same reason that jobs get outsourced. 

Second:

> If you have an equally qualified man and woman applying for the same job for a sexist employer, then equal pay laws take away the woman's freedom to choose to offer to work for a lower wage than the man. If she were allowed to do that, the employer would have to pay more to hire the man. The free market automatically imposes a financial penalty on the employer for being sexist.

That is some real mental gymnastics there. Because employers are sexist, we should take away women's choice to be exploited...? I am really not following. This part in particular: "If she were allowed to do that, the employer would have to pay more to hire the man." simply doesn't apply. You are treating something as zero sum which simply isn't. It's bad math, plain and simple.


Back to the original post:
I don't see where that leaves us, however. Were you trying to trap me into saying something dumb? I'm in favor of the proposition that the pay for a position should be related to market demand, qualifications and experience, without reliance on gender, race, sexuality, or religion. That shouldn't be controversial. What I merely point out is that a lot of bullshit metrics are bandied about that really obfuscate this issue: clearly, there is a problem in this country, and globally, that women get paid less for the same jobs. However, comparing average pays across industries for men and women is not a meaningful metric, because women disproportionately remove themselves from the workforce over men. 

What is the solution? ~~Obviously, as you point out, mandating fair pay by law doesn't seem to work.~~ Show me evidence of this. I would like to see it, because I think you are full of hot air.