I understand what you're trying to say to me, but that doesn't feel like the case. Please don't feel like i'm attacking you when I post this. I am happy that you are engaging me without attacking me. 

Perhaps there are only 5% of men with a "bad attitude" towards women (cough Redpillers). But even if you aren't a rapist or openly sexist, that doesn't mean that you aren't capable of discriminating against women--and not having it feel like discrimination. Statements like I sampled above are really innocuous and a pretty accurate display of how women can be marginalized very easily. Or a woman identifies herself as female on reddit: "Guys, I checked, no GW posts". Or the eye rolling that happens when my boyfriend tells people I'm a feminist, as if I've brainwashed him or whipped him or something. 

"What's so bad about gonewild? The women know they will get stuff, be desired, its exciting for them. It think gonewild is mostly full of lonely men." 

That's a perfect example of innocuous sexism. Nothing about that statement sounds bad on the surface. It's an exchange. Except that it promotes the very ideas that 

a. Women post on GW to get things, to get excitement> I've posted there before and it was because I wanted to just share my body. It's a pretty good one. I didn't want the harassing mails, the sexual messages left in my inbox, the "you posted your naked body therefore I'm entitled to send you dick pics". I at no point wanted "things". Most women don't want "things". Sure, a few want the thrill and excitement of feeling attractive and wanted. But who doesn't? You'd be hard pressed to prove to me that men don't want to feel hot. 

b. Full of lonely men> so that excuses the downright animal behavior seen there? It's fine to post on a picture that a woman is attractive in that situation. It's not okay when these "lonely men" stray into that aggressive behavior. "I've seen your tits, I'm entitled to cyber/meet up with you". 

I want to emphasize that the problem isn't with men. It's what we've all collectively decided is okay to believe about masculinity. There are plenty of things women believe about men that are also harmful. Feminism is dedicated mostly to breaking down gender roles for both. "Men shouldn't cry", "it's bad for men to get emotional", "Men need to work and women need to stay at home". Feminism is as important for men as it is for women. 