I've read that series! My husband loves Anne Bishop and convinced me to read it.

Spoiler alert >.>

I have to say it's pretty good - I'm not usually triggered by any violence - but I thought that it fell short of expectations. It was satisfying to read on many levels - reasonably strong women even if they're not as strong as I thought they should be, not all men are great and perfect (a problem with fantasy in general IMO), Bishop's not afraid to write whatever she wants, there's a bunch of erotic BDSM-y stuff going on (I liked Kushiel's Dart but not 50 Shades...ewww), she's a decent writer overall although could be better with her choice of descriptions........... but then I read the mess that was Tangled Webs. I really didn't know how to react.

Surreal was one of my favorite albeit minor characters of all time - everyone else including Jaenelle and wonderful Marian could gtfo - and Bishop completely just wrecked her story in that book. I have no idea what happened there. I like to believe everything involving her starting from that book just didn't exist. The strongest (in terms of her character, not in character development or jewel or anything) woman by far in the series with no real weaknesses to speak of that's assumed to be able to handle anything that comes her way, does a small Good thing with another Good person, and what they both get for it is that they are reduced to shadows of their former selves after being "saved" by most offensively, Daemon, followed up by Lucivar and Jaenelle (and maybe a couple more? I don't remember). If this doesn't scream "damsel in distress", I don't know what does.

This is very unlike characters like Cimorene in the Enchanted Forest Chronicles, where her independent/strong streak is not destroyed by having a partner or a child or other people around her, it just felt like she was even stronger for it. She worked with it, instead of being saved. 

I'd be curious to know what you think about my dilemma - I felt pretty alone in saying that since nobody else around me really seemed to have a problem with what happened to Surreal. That basically put off the series for me - especially given the ending of the series (if I recall correctly, with the child, just seemed so odd).