To start, I think I have to say that I have both an x and y chromosome, but I think I sort of understand where you are coming from. I have some of the same thoughts as you. People tell me that I have a face only a mother could love. I'm not attractive, therefore, I'll never find anyone who will love me, therefore, I should just stay inside all day. It sucks, but I'm just here to tell you that lots of people have these same feelings. 

I don't like looking at myself in the mirror either, but then I feel even worse knowing that I am a perfectly able bodied person who hates how their body looks even though I have all of my limbs and they work. Like, what should I feel bad about, a misshapen nose? So over all, it's a lose-lose situation to feel bad about myself.

I guess my advice to you is to not dwell on how ugly you may or may not be and not to let your appearance rule your life. Take care of yourself so that you feel good and live your life for yourself and those you care about, not looking for someone who you don't think exists. Don't ever feel that you can't go out because you are too ugly. No one is too ugly to go out and enjoy the world. Have you been to Walmart? Also, don't stop hanging out with your friends because they are prettier than you. If everyone did that, no one would have any friends. Also, I am willing to bet that some of your friends feel the same way and lump you into the group of friends that are prettier than them. If they like you for you, why would you stop enjoying your time with them? Being by yourself, for many people, just compounds your self doubt, but when you are out and having fun, you forget about all the little non-existent worries that you would be thinking about alone. 

You are young. So don't waste your youth staying inside when you could be going out, meeting boys, and doing stupid things like you say. No one promises that you will meet anyone, but you will meet way more people out and about than sitting inside moping. Trust me, I learned the hard way.

