An important thing to realize is nobody is "normal". We are all on a sliding scale of something, like this person over here may be on the autism spectrum (which can manifest in different ways, there are indicators but no textbook symptoms), that person could be suffering from mild depression, or be bipolar or whatever. It doesn't mean anything is broken in you, or that you necessarily need to be medicated. However knowing these things about yourself can help you compensate, and communicate better with others. 

I'm going to be honest, the social problems you're having is because of you. You are the common denominator here with all these different people, so you're giving off some vibe or saying or doing something. The good news about this is you're the solution as well, you can overcome this. I've been where you are so perhaps I can give you some pointers. 

Know that what you think, perceive, or feel to be true may not be so. You got all this baggage going into a social situation & with the info I see here it's almost like you're looking to be rejected or expecting failure. You don't feel the same way at work, so you project confidence there. Something else to know is everyone is at the center of their own personal universe. We all approach things from our own POV, and are inherently kinda selfish. That's not a bad thing, we all tend to focus on our crap first and others second, and everyone has their own baggage. So, coming into a social situation where folks dong know each other you may say something... and maybe they don't react the way you wanted or hoped and then feel rejected and give up. That's your perception though. It may be they didn't know how to react, or that they didn't find it funny, of maybe they broke up with their SO last night and are preoccupied with those thoughts. Point is they may not be rejecting you, they may just not be getting you yet or maybe their reaction doesn't have anything to do with you. Don't expect too much from strangers. It takes time to build relationships and make friends. 

Btw with these meetup groups you say you were rejected from... Did they like formally reject you by saying 'we don't want you coming back', or do you just feel blown off. If  it's the former, ask why. If it's the latter, that may be only your perception. It takes time to make friends. You may have to keep coming back and meet up with the same folks over and over again to build those relationships. It takes time, don't expect too much too soon and be open to whatever. Talk with your therapist about all of this, & they should steer you in the right direction.  Good luck. 