It's worth pointing out that antidepressants are used for treating conditions beyond depression.  For instance, tricyclic antidepressants are commonly prescribed for the treatment of chronic pain.  I'm sure the OkCupid question was really trying to ask if you'd date someone with depression.  Regardless of it's intention, those responses in the article were eye opening to me.

I was depressed for most of the time I was in high school and college.  I did seek help and was in a good place mentally by the time I graduated college.  Unfortunately, I developed chronic pain in my early twenties that has only worsened as time goes by.  The difference in how both family members and friends treat me is staggering.  I can remember people talking behind my back, calling me crazy when they thought I was out of earshot.  I was treated like a child.  I was full of "drama".  I had "no good reason to cry".  I needed to "get over it".  

There are some similarities between the two conditions, but the reactions for some people are night and day.  If I didn't want to go out when I was depressed, it was completely my fault.  Friends would get mad.  If I can't go out now because I'm in too much pain, everyone seems understanding.  No one lays a guilt trip on me now for taking medication, but when I was taking SSRIs to depression, I was constantly told that I needed to get off of them.  At one point I can remember a group discussion about suicide.  The general consensus was that anyone who took their own life was selfish.  When I pointed out that some people do so because they're in pain or have a terminal disease, everyone agreed that under those circumstances, it was okay.  I didn't want to start an argument, but for me depression was much more painful than the daily physical pain I now have.  In both cases you're fighting against your body, but in the case of physical pain, it will pass, and you can get on with life, if only for a short while.  There was no escape from depression.  It was all encompassing.  

I look back now, and I don't even know how I did it.  Depression is a place I don't want to ever revisit.  My most painful moments now can be treated with opiates if need be.  With depression there was no reprieve.  