> doctors really do deny women on the basis that they haven't had children

I know this. I've read research about misconceptions providers have and I've never read about this being a misconception providers had or a reason they denied patients IUDs. If providers are telling nulliparous women they can't get an IUD because it will fall out I would love to here about it. 

>That link is a hand out which in the end is a form for getting Implanon. It says a lot of things as facts with no sources.

It's workshop hosted by the American College of Physicians training providers on the use of IUDs, I couldn't remember the study and googled the statistics because I was having difficulty finding the actual study without remembering any other information. If it means that much to you I'll be happy to track it down. 

>That final quote is from a study I can't actually find except in news articles, and when I see it quoted, it talks about PID + IUD's, which is not what I argued. I was talking about STD+IUD= increased risk for PID, so if you admit to this increased risk WHY ARE YOU ARGUING WITH ME?

Because I'm not agreeing with you. STI's in and of themselves are not a problem and there is no increased risk of them with IUDs. The old line thought, based on faulty IUDs, was that an STIs would travel into the uterus and lead to PID, infertility, septic abortions and generally bad things. We have no evidence that there is any increase of infection,disease, or infertility with an IUD as long as the IUD is not inserted while there is an ongoing infection.  Even if you're young, nulliparous, and in a nonmonogamous relationship, IUDs are not contraindicated. Current data suggests you aren't assuming additional STI risk when you choose to get an IUD and LARC methods are offer superior protection for young women. If a doctor tells you otherwise, they're not up to date with the research or guidelines. In fact, IUDs have protective benefits when it comes to HPV. 

http://www.thelancet.com/journals/lanonc/article/PIIS1470-2045(11)70223-6/abstract

