The *actual* problem is that your behavioral patterns are incongruent with your internal desires.  The ancillary problem are your self limiting beliefs.  
>but I know I'm never going to look like those girls.  
  
How do you *know* this? Why can't you look like them? Of course if you've already decided it is so, if you have already made up your mind, then surely you can't look like them.  
  
I'm a hypnotist.  I'm going to give you a simple exercise.  Imagine being exactly the way you are now, for the next 6 months.  Imagine all the things you would and would not do in those 6 months with the body you have now.  Imagine opportunities you would miss or would not participate in because of your body.  Imagine every way you think it would affect you.  
  
Then imagine having the 'ideal body' for the next 6 months.  Notice everything that's different.  Imagine the confidence and what it does for you.  Not for just 1 day but for the next 6 months.  All the things you would do differently if you had *that* body. Imagine your past, what would be different with *that* body?  Then ask yourself, which of those makes you feel better?  Which makes you feel happy?  
  
Next imagine an ideal outcome.  Doesn't matter how big or small, just an ideal outcome, that you would love to be true.  It could be winning the lottery to, learning how to get along with people better.  Then, I've got a question for you. As you imagine your ideal outcome, do you see yourself receiving the outcome as if looking at a picture?   Or does it seem like you're actually in it and doing it?  If you 'see the image of yourself,' you're not gonna get shit, because you're holding the outcome outside of yourself.  If you're "over here" looking at the image which is "over there" and the benefit is in the image, you're not gonna get it.  You have to feel like you're actually experiencing it, to let your subconscious know, you actually want it to happen.  Otherwise it's just fantasy, a sort of mental masturbation.  Things you actually intend to be *real* need to be communicated in such a way that you subconscious will understand.  
  
Imagine the person you want to be.  Imagine every little detail.  How your body looks, the posture you hold it in, the way you speak and smile, and carry yourself.  Imagine what things you have and where you live, everything that sums up the most favorable version of yourself.  Imagine that today is the day you become that person.  You've done it, you've arrived, you achieved everything you've ever wanted to, and you're there now. **Step into the picture..**  Once you know you're there, you know you are that person, look back behind you in your imagined past, and see all the steps you had to take to get to that moment. Look at exactly what you have to do, to get what you want.  Additionally, once you're *"that person"* an interesting question can be asked.  Now that you've "arrived" and you've achieved all you thought you wanted, you've acquired your highest ambition, now ask yourself whats next?  *Now* what's my highest ambition?  
  
It's a funny thing, ask someone what their highest ambition is and they'll give some answer.  Now, assume they've achieved said ambition and ask again, what is your highest ambition, and see that again they can answer and go beyond the limits the previously imposed on themselves.  
  
oops I'm getting off track a bit... ok so the main thing is to change your neurotic patterns into ones that work for you instead of against you. (thinking i'll never look like those girls, definitely works against you.)  Emotions and thought are energy, you actually have to burn calories to think.  Emotions are *energy in motion*, they are the symbols your subconscious mind uses to communicate.  Every thought you have, every emotion you feel is a clear message to your subconscious of what you want more of.  Think about you memories.  Why are some so much more clear and prominent than others?  Why are some days from the past all but forgotten, while others can be recalled in great detail?  What is the difference?  It's the amount of emotion invested in them.  Not just at the time of actual experience, but also in every time you've brought it back up through memory and felt the feelings associated with it.  Every time you remember it, you're sending a clear message to your subconscious that, that's what you want more of.  After all your committing all this thought energy, and emotion to the experience, it must be highly desired.  That is how the subconscious thinks.  Whether the experience is positive or negative is irrelevant, the more emotion you give it, the harder you subconscious tries to make it real for you.   
  
Worry is negative anticipation.  It's imagining a negative outcome and attaching negative emotion to that outcome.  Typically something someone worries about does not seem far-fetched like winning the lottery, but seems likely *as if it's really going to happen.*  This is the same kind of imagining that leads you to highly desirable outcomes as well.  You can use the same structure and just change the content.  