>Anyways, if you all have any advice about situations such as this or wouldn't mind sharing if you have been in a similar situation yourself I would love to hear what you have been doing to heal yourselves, and how you have handled telling the important people in your lives.



[TRIGGER WARNING]




In real life, I don't tell people my whole story because it is so horrific that I came to the conclusion that most people can't really handle it, so I lie (or simply don't volunteer information - there's a word for that but English being my second language I can't recall it now) most of the time.  This is not something I advise. It's far from ideal and it's not that I'm shy or anything, I'm just reserved when it comes to my private life and I can't handle people thinking I'm seeking attention or  lying about what happened.  Ironically, in order to not be labeled a liar, I lie.  I have made peace with that, sort of, cause you know what? My story is mine and til I'm ready to share it *I don't have to share it* at all, and I really don't want to handle the questions and the judgement, and I don't have to.

After years of therapy, I was able to accept and understand everything that happened to me as an adult.  I was also able to recover the memories about two instances of abuse that I suffered as a child, like who my attackers were, and the general idea of what happened. But the third instance is blurry at best.  I'm sure it happened, the place, my general age at the time, that the boys were my age or maybe a bit older, but I don't know who they were or even how many they were, and what took place is again, blurry at best. I have made peace with the fact that I'll probably never remember, and that's ok.  Obsessing with remembering everything made me (I think) create false memories, so I finally let it rest.

By all means, OP, do your homework and research about it if it helps you, but if you're under the care of a professional, and if you ever feel too overwhelmed with the research, and information that you can't process, remember that's also OK to let the research go.  I did.  2X is a wonderful place, but Reddit and the online world in general, can prove to be a very hostile environment, specially during the roughest patches.  I take breaks from Reddit when I need it because I find it to be extremely toxic. My last long break was 8 or 9 months.  I deal with guilt, shame, lack of trust, flashbacks, depression, and panic attacks. Overall, I'm able to control the flashbacks by avoiding triggering situations if I'm not feeling too strong, and by telling myself that it is over, that I'm safe, and by focusing on the present, whatever the present is: Homework, writing a paper, learning Spanish and French, which are my passions, taking pictures, taking care of my pets, etc.  I have bouts of depression, but they aren't as severe anymore and I'm finally able to control them without medication, usually with meditation and relaxation techniques.  Exercising and dancing help me a lot.

I am safe today and life is for the most part good.  I'm a straight A student in my second language (and I'm learning two more!), and I have some friends, but very few close ones and just one that really knows everything about me.   I study and party hard and I want to go to law school.  I studied a semester abroad (Spain) last year and I'm going on another study abroad program (France) next year.  Don't get discouraged, things do get better, and the fact that you're ready to reach out for help in and of itself is immense progress, you should be really proud of yourself.