I used to be extremely athletic and accomplished (to the point of being groomed for the Olympics). Never had problems getting women. Was very outgoing and felt anywhere I was, I was supposed to be.

 Over some time and dealing with some traumatic things, I put on a ton of weight. The first thing to go is your approachability with women. You know you can talk a great game, entertain them, amuse them, make them think, and even make them claim they're interested in you, but you know inside that you repulse them and eventually stop bothering.

You get to the point where you make comments about your size in public to try to defuse what strangers around you are thinking.

Later, you get to a point where a scrawny black guy at a mcdonalds (that you are at, only because you're visiting someone who wanted to go there, so you did to and just got a water and nothing else) walks past you and points and laughs and says "daaaaaaaaaamn fatty's killing some bigmacs!" And being an athlete who grew up in a "beat the shit out of someone giving you a hard time or I am going to beat you" parenting situation, having to bite your lip until you draw your own blood to fight every instinct to put the guy through the plate glass window guarding the ball pit play area... And then feeling more self conscious tha. Ever before in your life as you try to decide if you should stay knowing everyone just saw and heard... Or if you should leave.

To picking up from that experience the important lesson that you should just never go out in public anymore. Go from going out in the world almost daily, to almost never. Going months without leaving your house. Then YEARS.

Then, stop making friends. Stop keeping up with old ones. Even keeping up with or making new ones /online/. After all, you aren't a real person. You're fat. You are sort of like a person, the way a puppy is sometimes acts like he thinks he's people... But really, you don't have thoughts or emotions; you're just an off putting creature that people point at and say "awe it thinks it's people you guys!".

There are even two cousins you practically grew up with that you haven't seen in over twenty years. You don't want them to see what you look like, today. In a fact, even though you were in the house when you were visiting your family across country and the cousins and their kids and spouses visits for dinner, you hid in  a back bedroom the entire day and evening until they and their families left. You pretended to be ill and sleeping, so nobody would suspect your real reason and nobody would want to come in and see you.

You have the fortune to telecommute your entire adult life, but operate under the incredible fear that your job might decide to make you work on campus, requiring you to go in every day.

You hate to go to the doctor,to even though you have great health insurance, because you feel like a waste of his is time and like he just wants you to get the fuck out because you're a failure. A living anomaly. There's no reset button on a human fuck up, so just let it waddle around until it dies of natural causes.

The doctor is the only place you leave your house for once or twice a year. Maybe a work meeting across the country every five or ten years. You start to change he often you take your Meds for hypertension, so you can delay going back to the doc or leaving your house. Then you run out of them and instead of going to the doc, you just stop taking your pills.

Then your glasses are busted. Great eye care in your insurance, but you dragged them out for six years, half broken, so you didn't have to go to the optometrist. Then they break and you just stop wearing glasses. Most of your neighborhood doesn't know you, because after buying a nice home, you don't like to go out in front of people. Even on your own property.

Then you have a bad tooth and keep trying to make it a little longer without going to the dentist, because it is awkward and uncomfortable and you think maybe next month you will get it in yourself to be able to get up and go to the dentist and doctor and optometrist.

You spend some time every week staring into space, wondering what the rest of your life is going to be like, alone and stuck inside and afraid to go out because you don't belong with normal people. You wonder if you are going to turn into a hateful angry old man in huge neighborhood. Or are you going to live to be even remotely old? After all, you're fat. And male. And alone. And everything you read tells you that frequent sex, marriage, friends, etc contribute to a long life and lack of those things mean an early grave. You wonder if people like you die young, because something bad happens and nobody was around to call for help. You mentally tally the likely number of people that will be at your funeral. You even muse over whether there is some way to hire fake people post death so that your mother and few loved ones that will be the  there won't be so depressed, because they'd get the impression from the fake attendees that you had a big social circle that you made an impact on.

You were not only once an accomplished athlete with easy charm and outgoing personality, but you built a tiny Internet empire from scratch over a decade ago that you turned a tidy profit on when it became uninteresting to you and a big corporation wanted to buy it as a turnkey operation and community for themselves.

More, you have been well employed with the same company for your entire adult life of around fifteen years. You started making a good six figures by drinking age and have done close to $200k per year in the last half a decade. You work extremely hard. Endless hours, weekends, nights, holidays. You're known among colleagues as The Fixer. You put siblings through college, buy their first cars, own your own home, take care of your parents, and contribute significantly to charities. You even help a sick terminal kid across the country who won't see adulthood replace all his burgled video games, consoles, tv, etc.

But to the rest of the the world, you know they just see a fat, slow, depressed, angry, stupid fat person, because that is how fat people (and even skinny people next to them) are judged, according to published studies. You are someone most people, especially online, want to murder. They say it all the time. They want fat people to die. Horribly. They can't possibly contribute anything to the world, so just do the world an aesthetic favor and choke on the ten zillion calories you must eat every meal, because of course every fat person consumes a bucket of chicken per day and rides a rascal scooter.

Even though you are long over due for all those medical visits, you worry about so much as even getting from the house to the car. Or the car to the doctor. Or sitting in the waiting room. The world is now full of people on cell phones who can't wait to get a picture of the  fat guy who dares to even exist so they can show it to friends and family and post it on reddit to ridicule for existing. And the last time you even bothered to see your doctor, it was only the threat of jury duty that coaxed you into going. So you could convince him that you need an excuse from him to fax to the court. And you make up the idea that you have social anxiety, because you have heard weak people claim that in the past. Only problem is, your doctor doesn't believe you, because you are really good at putting on a smile and a gregarious persona around people so they never.suspect a thing. But you lie and tell him that you haven't left the house in  all long time and that even if you aren't excused, you aren't going. Not because you refuse to... But because yup...just...can't. So he faxes it for you to the court.

Then, you realize you didn't really lie, because it is all sadly true. Only while most people would seek treatment for anxiety or something, you aren't mental. It isn't a matter of a pill or counseling changing your ability to go out in public or do things that need to be done. You aren't crazy.  You are a fat. You are a freak. There is a logical reality which justifies your real fears.


And then you end up in bed after a long week of work, typing on an ipad on reddit, telling strangers how you have not so much as gone out your front or back door in almost three years and that the only thing to look forward to is each pay check, because you dump it all into your investments, so that at at least when when you die an early death, you'll be able to leave a lot behind for your siblings and parents.. And you worry whether you might die before your pets. And you make a list of vital books to read and movies to see before you die. And you tell family you love them any time you talk, because it could realistically be your last interaction with them. 

You even invent a fake relationship, which turns into a spouse (just for work purposes, since nobody will ever know the truth), because you start to realize that everyone you spent your life working with has gotten married and had kids and even though you never wanted marriage or kids and still don't, their existence starts to influence much of a person's credibility in the work place and it is a strategic necessity. Granted, you could have had the real thing, because you have had a few smart and beautiful girls like you despite yourself, but no matter their insistence, you drove them away, because you knew they deserved better than wasting themselves on you.

But, hey, what would I know, right? Fat guys are big lovable goofs that don't have any pressures from society and are universally accepted, right?