I've thought a few hours, since morning, about your post, and the thing I want to say is:  

It's okay, it's pretty common, it's normal.

People may not be well-designed for longterm completely monogamous relationships.  I mean this to apply to both sexes (but perhaps for different reasons, either cultural or inborn).

This man did father you.  Lots of us have complicated relationships with our fathers and mothers.  I have two of each.  That complicates things right there.  

Watching children grow up to fully embrace the (many) disappointments that their parents (may) bring is very hard.  My parents (one set) strove to be perfect.  That was very stultifying for me.  I became a perfectionist (long story).  

My other parents screwed up.  One redeemed herself...at least I think so.  The other was my bio-father (some would say my "actual" or "real" father - I disagree).

Throughout life, you'll have to choose who your family *really* is.  Even so, some of them will screw up (from time-to-time or fairly continuously).  Novels tell us this, history tells us this, we can look around.  It's all good.

First of all, begin to believe in others (outside your family:  the people at the housing assistance office; the people at the financial aid desk at your local community college (they'll help you with housing assistance AND financial aid for more education - everyone can always use more education - and they give a little stipend for living on - look into it, do your homework); the people who offer you a spare room to live in (they will).  

I have lived in my car (not longterm).  It's a long complicated story, but...it's sort of like other addictions (please pardon me if that strikes some people wrong).  You hit rock bottom and it really teaches you *not* to do that again.  It really does.  Seriously.  The moment at which each of us hits rock bottom, in an abusive relationship, can differ (and you could not be there yet, but your mom could already be there, it's all so difficult).

We cannot calculate whose life is worse off or more messy, we can only calculate...something like what you're calling "recovery."  Being whole.  We are always a fraction of wholeness (until we reach what the ancients called "divinity," a rare state).  Your life is really difficult right now.  This is a lot for a 20 year old.

But remember, Bryan was only 8 years older than you when he began this pattern.  And if we factor in that males mature less quickly than females (okay, I can give sources, but just go along with this for the moment...) then you can feel better that you are already more self-aware and diligent in holding yourself to certain ideals than he was, when he made the fateful decision to move in with your mom.

Oh, I could say more (about the building blocks of becoming Bryan - PM me, of course, if you want).