My SO and I were in a long distance relationship for 9 months (saw each other twice per month), then he moved closer to me and lived with his aunt (or more like kept his things at his aunt's and stayed with me) for 3 months, then we moved 300 miles away from everyone we knew and started living together. That was 10 months ago.

We went from being perfectly independent adults to sharing a bank account (due to is both being poor, not because we were truly ready), chores, a living space, and being -literally, for several months- each other's single real person to spend time with 24/7 basically overnight.

Note: I don't recommend this, it wasn't easy, and we have gone through at LOT of adjustment (personally and together) during this time, but it has been worth every second. 

What we have learned:
He has no idea what is in the fridge, even if he boxes it up and put it there himself.
He needs 8 hours of sleep or he's an ass for the first 30 minutes of the day.
I have to put away my own laundry because the way I keep my dresser drawer (chaos) gives him anxiety.
He has to do laundry because it's too heavy for me to carry 3 flights of stairs, plus he needs it done more often than me.
Despite hating mornings and getting out of bed, if we want to get out the door on time, I have to shower first.
My car is my space to treat the way I want, and his car is his space to treat the way he wants.
I have to remind him to clip his toenails.
He has to remind me to clean the cat box.

I guess what I'm trying to say is that the living with someone is absolutely wonderful, but not without adjusting your own lifestyle a bit. If you are any bit as stubborn as we are, it takes a lot of communication and loving to figure out what pieces of your routine or daily life are important to who you are as a person, and which pieces you need to adjust to make your place home to the both of you.

It's great you are being proactive about this. Be sure to give him time to voice his concerns, too. As a metaphor, you're not going to make spaghetti sauce like his grandmother, but he can appreciate yours, and maybe you two can work together to tweak your recipe to taste more like home.