A little back story of a potential second LTR with a near-RPW for me.

I met a girl at a gig this past May/June. Everything started well. She was pretty, confident and certainly no dumbass. Plenty character depth, we enjoyed hanging out, what have you. Between reading her and reading Red Pill Woman, I did get the impression that she certainly had the makings of RPW. She was different from the plates and she was instinctive in her approach. Go read RPW, this is what she was like. Almost.

When I say almost, she would have certain RWP traits. Some smaller examples, we were going to her company's party, she picked up three dresses. She asked me which one she wanted me to wear. I picked one, she wore it. I expected the reaction to be one which I had come across countless times in my old LTR: the one I picked would go to the back of the wardrobe never to be seen again. Gurl power.

It surprised the shit out of me when she not only wore it but looked pretty damned amazing in it. Not only that, she demanded sex in it later on. Call that a good night all round!

Another time, she knew I had a course assignment to get in (studying second degree at the moment). I told her I couldn't go out with her. She texted me about 8 to find out how I was doing, a few back and forth texts. She showed up about 9pm, dinner materials in hand and hung around patiently until I was done working. Not a peep nor a moan about me not paying her attention. 

She failed eventually, sadly. Well, she set herself up for outright failure. We went out to a party and she knew full well her ex was there and that her ex was still into her. It wasn't even a party many of her friends were going to. She tried to shit-test me with that one. She played up to her ex's flirting. On this, I instantly went and started chatting up another girl. I knew exactly what she was doing, I just felt that the response to this shit-test should be like for life.

She took me out for a smoke and had a go about me wandering off. I called her on her bullshit and said, "I don't play games like that" and left. I went off to play pool with a few buddies and came back to my flat about midnight. She'd left a note on my door apologizing, my neighbor downstairs said she'd hung around for about an hour before she gave up waiting.

Needless to say I didn't call her again. 

But in my mind, a Red Pill Woman does not need to shit-test like that. I call it insecurity and honestly, if an LTR with me was her goal, she had all the makings and was ticking all the boxes. But she tried to push some shit and it failed. The moral of the story, if your aim is to secure Mr. Husband, ease up on the extreme shit tests. You are a woman, you will shit test. It's just what happens. Most alphas will deflect every shit tests, an alpha in training will deflect a good half. In my old 10 year LTR, I failed every single one of them. With this other girl, I passed all of them a little too well so she set herself up with a complete lose-lose shit test from her part. If I'd reacted differently and whined about it later, sat there like a good little boy while she played with her ex, I would have devalued myself entirely. I'd have been her beta and certainly shown my own insecurities. LTR potential fucked. 

The way I reacted, I showed I was certainly far from insecure, wasn't about to take her shit, but it cost her! I chatted up the hottest girl that was near me and she was responding well! I put on a good show. There was no touching, unlike what she was doing, but I was making this girl laugh and she was giving me the shine on. I'm lucky that worked if I'm honest! If she'd had knocked me back, I'd have been hung, but luckily she didn't.

