**First off, I'd like to reinforce that the problems discussed in this thread, such as derailing/unsupportive comments in support threads, and comments like "as a man, let me present some anecdotal evidence..." are a problem that this subreddit has been struggling with long before we were added to the defaults, and have been growing with the subreddit.  Removing us from the defaults would slow down growth, but not stop it, so these are problems we have to solve regardless.**
 
That said, our opinion that having a publicly visible women's space is important for the reddit community and women at large.  We are willing to make ourselves that space *provided that we can maintain the standards of a supportive and welcoming space long-term*.  To this end, we're taking in community concerns regarding troll and derailing activity, participation, gender-positive discourse, creepy PMs, voting patterns, etc.  We're keeping tabs on all those things as the subreddit returns to a new baseline, in order to determine what the long-term effects will be. We're watching various kinds of traffic, essentially.

As all of these things normalize, a much clearer picture emerges of what we can expect as a default subreddit going forward. Is the faster growth and higher visibility of the userbase generating more trolling and filth than we can keep up with? If the numbers that we had seen the first day had held steady much longer than it did, the answer would be "definitely, get us out of here". 

As it is, we're not sure yet.  Many things have gone back down to manageable levels, but some have not.  Random in-thread profanity trolling and the like is back down to workable levels.  Some things (like hopefully negative comments in support threads) we can address with a more targeted moderation strategy and more mods.  Others, like nasty PMs, have seen a secondary spike recently because of frontpage attention, and we're working on strategies to deal with them.  Some things, like in-thread derailment, are a deeper, harder to root out problem.  We don't have a line in the sand, but we are having constant discussions about whether we can deal with these effects, and our opinions are mixed.

Like you, we're very wary of the long-term effects that being a default might bring.  We trust that, like us, you're not against being a default on principle, only scared for the community. We're on the same page.