It may seem that way to them, but it's wrong to do that at the expense of others, especially if those others are just trying to work and are obligated to be nice and friendly to them. Please don't underestimate the tough spot that puts a person in. 

It's also easy to underestimate the amount of unwanted advances someone in that position gets in a day. Yesterday was a slow day in a new store that hasn't really picked up yet. I work behind a counter that 95% of our customers have no reason to use at all and don't interact with anyone else and it happened twice in an hour. 

Saying that there's nothing wrong with taking every chance you get at the expense of someone else who is on the clock is pretty selfish. When you go to a retail store you should assume that the people working there are only interested in work unless they say otherwise. 

Even if it seems like you don't meet women elsewhere or women don't respond to you how you would like them to, a store isn't a dating service that lets you talk to any female staff member you like because they don't have an out. They are there to perform a job and provide customer service, and that should not include fielding requests for dates and phone numbers or fulfilling someone's need to flirt and compliment a woman who can't turn them down and walk away like they could outside of work. 

I think that if you want to apply a "take every chance" approach, try online dating. All of the women there are at least interested in some form of relationship, casual or serious. You can send a message to as many women as you want. They still don't owe you a response. A lot may not ever reply, but at least that way they can opt out.

Try not to think in terms of "untaken chances", and instead of actual people. No one has a right to another person. You aren't owed a chance with anyone. Please don't ever put someone in a situation where they have to awkwardly and politely decline your advances and run the risk of offending you and jeopardizing their job.