I hope you don't consider my opinion as one of the ones you mention from men, but here goes:

High school age boys can and will sexualize a woman regardless of attire.  All the girls could be wearing LDS style dresses and it would not matter to their hormones.  Consider the excitement an exposed calf aroused in Victorian times...  Point being:  adolescent males will be 'distracted' by girls no matter what the girls wear and adolescent girls will be, likewise, 'distracted' by boys despite the boys not wearing short shorts or showing midriff.  

(I think the stated goal of 'preventing young boys from being distracted"  is a poor way of phrasing a more difficult to describe idea than it is a case of blatant sexism.)

Many high school girls recognize this attention and dress in a way to generate it.  They are not innocent bystanders in all cases.  In my highschool years the girls who regularly got in trouble for breaking dress code with 'slutty' wardrobes did it specifically for attention.  (Two that I knew very well got this desire for sexual attention from being abused sexually, but this is not going to always be the case, of course, plenty of kids just do shit to get attention for attention's sake.)

Young men and women alike do not need to place such value on sexualizing themselves for attention.  Their time being educated in adolescence is a good time to try to enforce that this is a negative behavior.  (Every other form of media they are receiving is telling them the exact opposite, might as well attempt to give them the voice of reason and maturity.)

The dress codes prevent girls in this instance from seeking this attention with their bodies and the boys from giving it.  Both sexes are distracted/distracting each other in a situation where they should be focused on learning.

As a side thought, which do you think does more to promote negative body image in young women:  Pictures of scantily clad and idealized/sexualized women in magazines and tv?  Or the few very attractive peers in high school who 'dress slutty' receiving a great deal of attention from young boys for it?

I would guess that they more readily compare themselves against their peers than some person in a television show, and see the attention those girls get from the boys that they personally know (or maybe have a crush on) by showing of their 'perfect' bodies. (this makes sense to me, but I have never been an adolescent female so feel free to correct me here.)

That got kind of ramble-y, sorry.

*edit: despite my username I am not trying to be a troll or anything.