Yeah depression/bipolarity runs in my family as well, and ever since I was a teenager I noticed I was never "happy" or as outgoing as other teens, but I chalked it up to just being me. It's not like I had anything to compare it to, being the only one of me =)

You're very right about needing to be my own advocate- low self esteem has been something I've been suffering from as well; I used to be a very assertive person and some events have happened but there's no way for me to know definitely if those events triggered the meekness that I dislike so much about myself or if it's a symptom of depression.

I've tried therapy but the first one I had said that "us women need to be careful not to drink so much because there are bad people out there," and when I reminded her that in the story I just told her about a friend taking advantage of me  sexually*I was completely sober* and she trailed off "I'm ^^just ^^saying" and I didn't hear anything about that from her ever again. The second one I had told me that "men are more fact-based and women are more emotional so you need to do blah blah" (I stopped listening). When I told her that I was an engineer, she trailed off as well but I decided not to go back there either. Sometimes I wonder if there are any good therapists out there who can actually give me advice about *me* and not about stereotypes they jump to after less than an hour of hearing me speak.

I didn't know that /r/depression existed, I will be checking that out. I understand your caution against people sharing their experiences on meds. I guess I just needed some "support" in the sense that people have my back and to just stick with it. As you've seen above I'm not really getting the help I need from professionals. It's really sad and pathetic, I know, but twoX has been pretty much my sole source of advice for my struggle with this because I don't trust any of the professionals I've seen and I've lost hope that a good therapist exists. 

I have out-of-state insurance even though I work in the state I am looking for a therapist in so it's been extremely difficult to find a good medical professional. All of the best reviewed doctors don't accept my stupid out-of-state insurance. I think I am going to talk to someone at work about this tomorrow (HR or whatever) to see if that is something that can be changed in the future. It's really been a huge struggle to find anything, and when I do the good ones are booked and don't take new patients. UGH LIFE.

About the actual drug. I guess knowing now that it's a stimulant makes sense because my heart races when I take it and I mentally feel pretty awake but physically I'm exhausted; the exact opposite of before.

Thanks again for your response it was really helpful.