You say that your baby is just coming home from the hospital now - as it has only been a few days, Im hesitant to ask how she has been since the birth.  
Im going to put this on the table as an option for you to think about in terms of her mental health - most people now are aware and on the look out for postpartum depression.  I unfortunately experienced ppd with my two oldest kids, quite severely with my oldest, and I experienced prenatal depression with my youngest.  

During the prenatal depression, I felt like my partner was just waiting for the right time to leave, that he was resentful of me being pregnant, that the baby would come along and I wouldn't be able to cope, etc -- none of this was true and my partner couldn't have been more supportive and involved, but all I could think of was things falling apart, him leaving me etc.  This coincided with thoughts that my older two had by then started being more independent, and that I was going right back to the beginning again; it made me think of every hard day and every thing I had done wrong with the first two.  This sounds similar to what you have described in your wife.  Now in some cases, prenatal depression is resolved a few weeks after birth, due to hormonal changes and so forth, but it can also be a pretty big red flag for ppd.  I had ppa (postpartum anxiety) after the prenatal depression.
A few questions to consider are obviously was this pregnancy planned, were there any issues during the pregnancy such as was it high risk, as obviously those kind of things, in combination with the normal ups and downs of pregnancy, would be making her more 'confrontational' or upset than usual even in the absence of a mental health issue.

It's a hard one, because a lot of the time the woman going through it doesn't even realise - they know they are angry, or overprotective, but they don't realise the extent or how out of the ordinary it is.  My advice admittedly would change depending on how you think she would react; first option would be to maybe mention to her that you have noticed a change in her behaviour, that you are worried about her and want to make sure you are doing all the things she needs you to do.  Or, possibly mentioning it to her GP if you think she won't be very open to that conversation, so her doctor can broach it with her as more of a 'checking up on new mum' thing.  I only mention these more passive approaches remembering how I reacted to any suggestion something might be wrong.

A note about postpartum depression too - sometimes it manifests as the opposite of what people have in mind.  For me, I became so overwhelmed with the idea that something bad was going to that I became very very overprotective.  I wouldn't let others hold him, and got anxious if they did.  I would sit up with him all night rather than sleep while he slept.  He was never more than two meters from me even when he was sleeping.  I had to do everything for him so that I knew it was done 'right'.  It doesn't always manifest as something that looks like 'disconnected' or sad.  So just be on the look out for those behaviours too.

The fact you have noticed something is up rather than just getting angry with her is a great, great start.  I'm hoping for the both of you that it was just pregnancy messing with her and that things will resolve, because ppd is not easy on anyone.  I wish you all the luck in the world getting her help with this, and hopefully things will start to get easier for all of you soon.