I just love being a girly girl. 

I love my wavy mermaid hair. I can put it in a ponytail or a messy bun, I can braid it, I can put flowers and bows and sparkly barrettes in it and I feel fabulous. 

I love my body. It took a long time for me to arrive at this point, but I do. I take care of it and it takes care of me. I love my long legs, the line of my muscles. I love my butt and my boobs, soft and perky. I love my shoulders, my collarbones, my throat. I love my tan lines and my scars and my stretch marks and my toned bits and my maybe-not-so-toned bits. 

I love what makeup does for me- it helps me create the best possible version of my face by hiding the bits I don't like and emphasizing the bits I do like. Eyeshadows especially are so much fun to blend, and fun lip colors give me life. 

I love ballet and I love to draw and write and I love theatre. I love the way ballet makes me feel, like I'm floating across the stage; I love the power drawing and writing give me of world-building; I love the way theatre takes me away, whether I'm on stage or in the audience.

I love clothes. I love skirts, maxi and mini alike. I love crop tops and tank tops and three-quarter-sleeve tops, I love short shorts and frayed shorts and high-waisted shorts, I love dresses in their many incarnations, but especially the ones that spin a little when you twirl (: I love patterns- gentle, delicate tendrils of leaves or little dots of daisies or polka dots or hearts, or bold ikat or chevron or tribal print- and I love colors, from muted neutrals to brights. And I love jeans, and I love shoes, and I love handbags, and I love jewellery, though I don't wear it too frequently these days. And lingerie. God bless whoever thought of that. 

I love the fact that it's socially acceptable for me to show my unabashed enthusiasm for things. It's totally cool for me to be smiley and bubbly, or shy and coy, or even a little sassy and full of myself, depending on the context. Whatever I'm feeling, I can express it, and whatever shape that expression happens to take- from dance to binging on Netflix and ice cream- is, for the most part, socially acceptable.

 I so love to flirt- men are darling when they're all horny and vulnerable. I love the get-to-know-you dance, I love the not-stealthy-in-the-slightest looks cast across a crowded party, I love the way my heart pounds-pounds-pounds when he finally makes his way across the room. And I love to kiss and touch and explore. 

I love other girls. I love the way their face lights up when I comment on that fierce brow game or that bold lip color or that darling halter top. I love the camaraderie that emerges from a drunken field trip to the ladies' room. I love 3 AM philosophy with my best friends, I love the distinct lack of personal space, I love the laughter that keeps us up with the moon all night long. 

**TL;DR: I enjoy being a girl.**

Edit: I love gold. Thank you, beautiful person! <3 