So, my situation is a little different. I met my Stepdad when I was about 3. He had a daughter a little older than me, but a little younger than my brother. So, we were all raised together, along with the daughter he had with my mom. This guy was a second father to my brother and I. In fact, he did a lot of things with my brother that my dad didn't do (although, my dad did some great things too). They bonded over hunting, atv riding, building race boats, everything boyish under the sun. This guy was there for every major development in our lives. 

3 years ago my mom passed away unexpectedly. Almost immediately, stepdad started joking about dating. I kind of thought it was odd, but maybe it was a nervous "What am I going to do with my life now?" type of thing. We go on with our lives, together. I moved in with him to help take care of my younger sister, and make sure things go okay. I moved states to do this. My brother calls him every day to check on him. About six months later I move out because it was just too crowded, but we are still in constant contact. 

A year or so after my mom dies, he admits he has started to see someone. No one likes this. I don't like it, but I'm the peace maker so I try and get everyone to be cordial about it. For the most part, they really are. There is a little tension, but nothing that isn't to be expected. I meet the woman, she is very, very nice. She has two adult daughters my age, seems to have a nice little life of her own. Very soon after this he says they are getting married. **Oh, and we aren't invited.** CUE sibling meltdowns everywhere!! I'm caught in the middle because I really don't want to blow this up, and my siblings are 100% against it. I have them calling me, I have him calling me, I'm brokering peace deals everywhere. 

So, they have this wedding 2 months later with his family. The people we have grown up to call Grandpa, Grandma, aunt, uncle, cousin and so on. Our family. It all goes downhill from here. He stops talking to everyone. He doesn't talk to his own blood daughters anymore, let alone my brother and me. The whole time they were dating, we never even met his soon to be wifes daughters. So, his own daughters have step-sisters they have never met. His own daughter has been in jail for 9 months, had a baby, and he has not spoken to her once. So, I'm left trying to parent an adult drug addict, who is only 4 years younger than me, on my own. Classy dude. 

He has this great life now. He bought a sailboat, my moms only dream btw. He had some moles removed from his face. He is always going out on the town, travelling...stuff he never did with my mom or us. And he doesn't speak to anyone from his old life except his  parents and siblings. In fact, his dad died recently...our grandpa, our BELOVED grandpa....and we found out on FACEBOOK. 


But you know what, my sister and my brother, we are so much closer now. We are own little family, and we turn to each other. So, I just want you to know, you guys will survive this. Sometimes other people suck. It doesn't matter if you've known them for 25 years, or 4 years. They can still screw you over and act like you've never existed. But you will live, and you will move on. And they will eventually be lonely pieces of shit who will have to own up to what they did. 


*(Sidenote: After the marriage we also had some information that led us to looking into whether or not he may have had a hand in our moms death. We've sent our findings to the police).* 