there are many dishonest positions held by the bulk of modern feminists. here is a list. 

the gender gap. it is true that if measured as a whole men are paid more than women. but if you break groups down into smaller demographics you quickly find that this is an artifact of past problems and is expressed only in the older generations, and the gap is so large that it disproportionate. if you are a female born after 1979 and you have no children, you actually get paid 8% more than a male born after 1979 with no children. when men born after 1979 get paid more than women born after 1979 it is because they work more hours or in a different job altogether. 

the rape double standard. if two people are intoxicated and agree to have sex with each other, either both of them raped each other, or neither has raped the other. trying to hold men more accountable is not equality. a male can get erect while being raped in the exact same way a woman's vagina can get wet while being raped. 

the patriarchy. this should be called they kyriarchy. it has everything to do with those in power, and is more correlated with wealth than it is with a penis. the vast majority of men are powerless and are just as oppressed as women, just in a different way. 

female objectification. males are equally objectified. they are not as often sexually objectified (although they are sexually objectified), but instead are often objectified by what they can do, and what they can provide. 

privilege. everyone has privileges. what is privileged in one setting is not in another. a disabled and oppressed person has the loudest voice in the media, so even oppression itself causes a person to gain privilege in some situations. its a good idea to attempt to recognize your privileges, but to tell someone else to recognize theirs is actually you attempting to abuse yours, it assumes you have the right to tell other people what to do and is a demonstration of superior position.

victim blaming. when a crime occurs there are tons of different factors at play. the elimination of factors involved in a crime can eliminate the crime from occurring. trying to reduce the factors that are at play in a crime is not victim blaming. would you teach your children to not take candy from strangers? would you consider it victim blaming to teach that to your children? if you would teach your children not to take candy from strangers, than why wouldn't you teach women not to get drunk around strangers? not all men are rapists, but some are, some women are rapists as well. some men and women are kidnappers too. it is always a good idea to practice safe actions that reduce your likelihood of becoming a victim to every crime. this doesn't just apply to women, it also applies to men and children. 

censorship. this one is my personal red button. push this and you will incite violence in me. any ideology that cannot stand on its own merit is a bad ideology. if people are not allowed to speak up against something, than this is a dead give away that that something is a form of tyranny. it doesn't matter what it is, dissenters should always be allowed to speak their mind. this is the one and only path to progression. i combat this by not going on posts that censor comments. if my voice cannot be heard, than i see no reason to allow theirs to either. that is equality. to censor the censurers. 

