If the powder is making it stiff and clumpy and takes three shampoos to get out, I'd have to speculate that you're using waay too much. Just need a little bit, smoothed through your roots. Always a good idea to not put any on your part line (meaning, part an inch or so left/right and put the powder there, and keep that inch product free. 

Sadly, if you're back combing, hairspray is a good idea to ensure it gets covered. 

I wish I could get my hands on your hair. I've actually worked on a friend's mother's hair, a little bit. She has a hysterectomy, and a thyroid condition, and it resulted in bald patches and *extremely* thin hair. If I managed to make hers look full and thick and cover everything, odds are good I could help with yours. 

The thing is, I think... You'll have to get used to not being able to have it all. It might be a matter of having it look good but dealing with the fact that hairspray/product does take away from the touchability... Or, you might have to say "Fuck it" and wear it product free and just rock what you've got. 

You could use wigs (I tend to think they'd be itchy and uncomfortable, but some people seem to have no issues with high-quality ones, and all I've ever played with are horribly cheap synthetic Halloween wigs)... 

I mean, I feel for you, I really do. It sucks when nature gives us shitty gifts... But there are a thousand ways to combat them (thank God for pushup bras) and even those things can only do so much. 

Frankly, I've got the kind of hair that can look gorgeous if I spend two hours on it every day, but I don't care to do that so it usually looks like a rat's nest about 30 seconds after leaving the house. I just go with it most of the time. Bag lady chic. And if people say something to me, I just look at them and go, "Must be nice to have the luxury of spending two hours making yourself look good, but I got shit to do." 

And then I walk away while trying not to burst out laughing at how offended *they* look because their insult didn't work and got them one-upped.