I'm a 36 year old white professional man, average height, weight and build. I'd probably rate a 7-8 on the 10 scale.  I have a career as a Senior network engineer at an IT company and I am also the host of my own one-hour radio show (most listened to radio station of all AM and FM stations in our area) based on technology/the internet.  My show pulls in twice as many listeners as any two FM or AM shows in the same time slot.

I'm not trying to pick you up, but I thought I would put my stats up here so you understand I'm not Hugh Grant, but I'm not Vincent Schiavelli either.  If you accept a male POV, I will try to help.

Personally, I have tried almost every online dating site since I turned 25...so 10 years of trying online dating.

POF is mainly used as a hookup site and not much better than using Craigslist.  This is NOT the place you want to go if you are looking for long term, meaningful relationships.  This is for hookups and casual sex.

OKCupid is a bit better than POF but I used it for 5 years with nothing more to show than a handful of responses...and less than 3 dates.

eHarmony is better than either of those but it never connected me with anyone I had a spark with.  I went on 10 dates in 2 years and had maybe 30 PMs from women (and about half that in responses to those I would PM first).  

I used Match.com after a bad breakup with a great lady I met during my day job (she was 6 months out of a 7 year marriage...separated for 4 of those years) who wasn't ready for a relationship yet.  

I had 22 private messages from women within 48 hours of putting up almost the exact same profile I had up for years on OKCupid.  Over 50 private messages before a week had gone by, and I already had a date setup before the first week had gone by.

I setup 9 dates with 8 different women in the first month and I am not kidding when I say I found "Mrs. Right" on Match.  It took me less than 2 months on Match.com to find that person I always had dreamed of having in my life.

We have been together a little over 9 months and this has been the easiest, least stressful, most loving and fun relationship I have ever had.   We already are talking about the future (marriage, kids, where we would live) and our respective families adore our 'better half'.   

Perhaps it is different for those who live on the coasts, I don't know.  I hail from a small city in the midwest. 

I can say that both men and women need to make their profile interesting to the other sex, funny, a little revealing, and HONEST. 

Include a bunch of pictures of yourself as well if you want any sort of a response.  A lot of smiling pictures is best.  Especially pictures which are clear...I can't tell you how many profiles I would breeze past if the lady had no picture or only a head shot photo.

**Paid for dating sites weed out a lot of undesirables.**   Guys who are looking for sex but not about finding a long term relationship are not usually willing to shell out cash to a dating site.   They only do the 'free' profile thing on paid dating sites and mainly use POF and Craigslist when they can.   

Men willing to shell out cash for a paid account are normally serious about finding someone.  

I tried finding a lady via the old fashioned ways of Church, club, volunteering, community events, coffee shop, art show, bar, bowling ally, friends, weddings.  Made friends but no one that 'clicked'. No sparks.

By using the online dating sites, I was exposed to more women that I would never have had a chance of meeting otherwise.   I expanded my preferences to a 100 mile radius on Match.com and found Mrs. Right in a small town just 45 minutes away.  She is a 4th grade school teacher, 4 years older than me (40) but honestly we don't notice an age difference at all.  It never comes up.  Here is the thing.  I live in a small metro area of ~225,000 people and pickings are slim for a guy who is my age.   I'd probably never met anyone I would make my wife if online dating wasn't available. 

I wish you all the best and if anything I said helps, GREAT!  If not, I apologize for wasting your time and wish you the best of luck anyway.


**TLDR: I'm a guy. I used pretty much all the online dating sites for 10 years.  2 months of using Match.com and I found the woman I know I am going to marry and feel she will be my 'forever wife'.  I give some advice above and wish you the best of luck.***