There are most definitely some sharp people on here. It is definitely a safe space, but it's intended purpose isn't for reasoning/debates. Of course people here are very good at reasoning and there's nothing wrong with it, it's just not our goal here.

I really appreciate how respectful you're being of this sub and its members. It's awesome that you recognize this sub as a place of reasonable-ness (shut up it's totally a word) and level-headedness. That's what attracted me to this place at first, too. To be honest, I never understood the MRM's vendetta against the "worst case scenario women" as you put it. As you've noticed, it quickly becomes being forced to assume every woman is this Jordi Arias person (I'm going to assume she's like Sarah Palin or any one of the women the GOP has been trying to parade around to try to get female voters back-they're just as bad as the men in their sexism towards both men and women). It's just so damaging to think that every single woman ever is so horrible and that they are the root of the problem and that they should fix it. Also, I like to think that reading others' perspectives makes you a better *person*, if we are going to continue this trend of not impressing gendered standards onto anyone. ;)

But what you have to understand that for the most part, in the context of this specific sub, we kind of just know that the poster/commentor of course doesn't mean all men are a certain way. I go to my friends who are girls and complain about how guys suck because my boyfriend is being X or Y, and they reply back with essentially the same thing. We all *know* that all men aren't like that. It's just easier to say, and it's implicitly understood by everyone involved. It's just a vent-session that was *never* meant to be heard by the people it was about, because it could easily be misunderstood. I'm going to quote the OP again to hopefully get across my point: 

>No, this is not a "safe space" like a "safe room." People can come and go, and people can flame here. What made this place feel safe was that women (and their allies) could discuss issues without being constantly interrupted. If you want to post here without really understanding this culture, perhaps it is time to ask yourself: why? If you think this is the appropriate place to insist on men's representation, perhaps it is time to ask yourself: why?