> Really, freedom of speech is beside the point.

It always is, until you're the one being silenced.

It's a lovely thought, to have an internet - a world, even - comprised of all manner of carefully cultivated communities, where "norms" are "enforced" and "interruption" and "derailment" and "negativity" and "threats" are censored and violators are banned.

Then one day, you wake up and realize that there is no intellectual public commons anymore. The marketplace of ideas is a mini-mall, and somebody owns the escalators as surely as somebody owns every store. You work at a job where you're not free to speak because of professional standards and social norms; you go out into the world where everything is owned by a private corporation that has the right to keep its spaces nice and safe and sanitized (and okay maybe just a *bit* sycophantically uncritical of the self-appointed corporate caretakers;) then you go home - or just sit down with your phone -  to participate in the online world where literally every site is attached to an owner or administrator or mod or ISP whose standards for speech are non-negotiable.

Every once in awhile you may find yourself in a situation where you're "allowed" to say something controversial or gross or irreverent... and then you'll remember that all of those other nice, cultivated communities to which you belong - your job, most especially - can decide that you're just not a good fit anymore because they found out about what you said at the bar on a weekend, and it really reflected quite poorly on you, which of course also reflects poorly on them if they don't take "proper measures." Were you at the wrong rally? Did you fail to attend one? We really prioritize employees who *embody* our corporate message, dear. So sorry. Hope you find someplace you fit in - and just as some friendly advice, you might want to consider *adapting* rather than trying to find a place that fits *you*. That seems awfully presumptuous and entitled, and nobody really wants a presumptuous and entitled employee.

It will then occur to you that your freedom of speech extends no farther than being allowed to scream whatever you want into your pillow, just as long as it's sufficiently muffled so as not to disturb the neighbors. And you'll wonder how that could be, since obviously the 1st Amendment should have been enough to ensure that free speech always had its own little zone off to the side where it could be fully and robustly exercised.