When I was about 11, my best friend and I began having a physical relationship, similar to the one you experienced with Tina. It started as play and my friend sort of pushed it towards something that became a lot more, but while I was uninformed about sex at the time, I was in no way opposed to what we were doing. It was enjoyable, and considerably mutual, and it went on for years every time she would come to spend the night. On the other hand, because the experience left us both so vulnerable emotionally, I can completely sympathize with what you must have gone through over this. Any time I saw this friend in a school setting, knowing what we had done the night before, I was struck with an overpowering sense of embarassment and shame. That is how I know, because you were actually molested, how great these challenges are to overcome internally. Years later, once I came to the full realization of what my friend and I had experienced together, I wasn't necessarily upset that it happened. I still love and care about her to this day, but as a child with no one to talk to about this, I still went through periods of self-loathing and questioning of my sexuality, as well as a lot of guilt. I was guilty that I had engaged so willingly, that we had enjoyed it, and I wasn't sure if the experience meant I was not a virgin, not "straight", etc. Again, having no one to talk to about this made the anxiety over what had transpired much worse, and it wasn't until I came clean to people years later that the stigmas were removed. To this day, I still recall that the two of us got other girls we knew involved in our activities a few times as well, and I regret that what seemed like "fun" could have potentially impacted those people, even though none of them had ever objected or seemed uncomfortable at the time. From my experiences, don't blame yourself for emulating the behavior of someone who was older than you that you respected. If the girl I had been hooking up with hadn't been my best friend at the time, and my same age, I am not sure I would have been able to rationalize the experience this well as an adult. You have experienced legitimate sexual abuse, and no matter why it occurred, you were too young to have been able to comprehend the full implications of what was happening. Please, do not blame yourself and give yourself a ton of credit for being able to even write about it now. The first step to moving forward is being honest about what happened.