Sorry for the epically long post but your question struck a chord with my and I want to save you 8 years of heartbreak.

In no uncertain terms: it will get better and you will find someone you will love (and who will love you) just as much, if not more.

Take it from a wizened old woman (at least in Internet time): When I was 18 I met and fell in love with the man who I was certain was the love of my life.  To me, "Joe" was perfection; an Adonis and Einstein rolled into one.  We had a wonderful relationship for 2 1/2 years before things ended; my fault but that is a story for another day.  

I was completely crushed and thought that at the ripe old age of 21 I would die alone and only be discovered 6 weeks later, half-eaten by my enclave of calicos. But I didn't.  I moved on.  It took a lot of time, tears, Oreos but I got better; some days were harder than others.  I had other relationships and things were going well for a while but I still had this nagging feeling that I had missed out on the one great love of my life. I made the terrible mistake of using "Joe" as my unit of measure against which I judged every man I dated and of course each would come up woefully short.  

After one particularly nasty break-up, "Joe" and I reconnected. I thought that this was my second chance at the fair tale I had clung to for the 6 years since our breakup! But "Joe" was just the shell of the man I knew; the kind, thoughtful man I knew was replaced with an ambivalent bro with a drinking problem. Departing for the walk of shame from "Joe's" apartment one morning I told him that he needed to call me, sober, the next time he wanted to spend time with me, to which he replied, "Of course! I will call you tomorrow!". I knew before the door closed behind me that those were the last words he would ever speak to me.  Yet, I was okay with it.  Perhaps because it finally clicked that all this time I was just in love with the beautiful 18 year old version of "Joe" or at best my dimly faded memory of him. 

I can't saw I will ever 100% get over him; he was my first real love and I will always love who he was.  But he isn't that person anymore and can never be that person again. There was a reason the two of you broke up in the first place. Relationships must be sustainable in the long-term and as brutal as it may sound it is better to rip the bandaid off now and end it than drag things along.

I will not lie; it may take you a lot of time to get over this guy and find the relationship you are looking for.  I recommend filling your time with friends, hobbies, work, or school.  Keep yourself too busy to think about anything but what you have in front of you.  Meditate.  There are points , post-"Joe" break-up where I think I really should have talked to a therapist about my feelings; I think I would have accelerated the healing process.  Consider if this might be right for you. I promise you that you will get back to good.  You are not alone in your feelings and don't be afraid to acknowledge them but do not get quagmired by them.  It took a lot of awkward first dates and hours worrying that I would never find anyone but I am now engaged to an amazing man who I can truly say is the love of my life.  Just keep swimming, my dear!

TL;DR - It gets better!  There was a reason you broke up; remember that.  Mourn your loss but do not make yourself a martyr.  Do whatever constructive activities (yoga, painting, programming, etc.) you can think of you distract yourself from constantly thinking about you beau. When you are ready to open your heart again, love will find you. 