I never said you were promiscuous or that you were sexually assaulted because you're sexually active or because your self esteem is low. It wouldn't even matter if that was part of the reasoning of your sexual assaulter, because it's still sexual assault and no matter what else is going on in your life, you never deserve it or cause it to happen to you. That's victim blaming bullshit and I would never say that.

All I'm saying is that often when anyone is having sex this young, it's partially *because* they were sexually abused in the past or because they have self-esteem issues or mental illness like depression or bipolar disorder. Those later ones are a pretty good bet since you've posted before about self-harm. Being sexually active at 13 isn't an issue alone, but it's not uncommon for it to be a symptom of actual problems. It's also associated with riskier behavior in general, promiscuity at a young age, riskier sexual behavior, self harm, problems with grades and substance abuse, and so on. 

Because we don't know you, it's an odds game and we just want to tell you to be careful and to think through your decisions. Everyone thinks they're mature and responsible and they know what they're doing when they're 13. At 13, you feel almost invincible and you feel like you know everything you need to know. At around 20, you realize that you know nothing about anything, and from what I can tell, that feeling lasts basically the rest of your life.

Of course you don't have to reconsider your sexual choices because they are your choices, but something many people realize as they get older is that what they thought was a reasonable, mature choice at the time was made for all the wrong reasons and those are usually the decisions that people regret. Your experience may be different, but always being sure you know your own motivations can be a really good way to avoid doing things you'll regret later, sexually or otherwise. 13 isn't too young to have sex, but it's young enough that people will be concerned about your still-developing critical thinking abilities and emotional intelligence and how that might affect your ability to really make the right decision for you.