I'm a dude who views myself as a feminist and for me that means fighting for equal rights. Now yes in society there are men's issues that need to be addressed e.g. male rape and lack of support for victims. However this does not exclude supporting the fight for woman's rights, as women are the ones that face the most prejudice and most pernicious social pressure in every day life. This can be manifested overtly in things like the pay gap or double standards for male and female sexuality. However this also manifests in more subtle things like gendering of toys which massively influences formation of identity. By and large the gender stereotypes and expectations that men suffer from are less harmful. I'm rambling but in short I describe myself as a feminist as I support a movement that is aimed at dismantling some incredibly unfair systems and values *which mainly affect women.* The aim is to achieve equal treatment for women as the double standards of our society overwhelmingly affect them.

Also while you've been told to do research I feel you might benefit from a brief explanation of feminist ideas and a history of feminism. Ok the key term to understand is the patriarchy. What this refers to is not the idea that there is some grand conspiracy of men out to oppress women. It is the idea that in a society where men traditionally hold the power (and still do look at the sex of most politicians and CEOs) the expectations and social norms favour men. Quite simply men often lack understanding of female perspectives or women's issues. This is because they're not a woman so don't experience their problems, and thus often don't try to see things from a women's perspective (everyone's overriding perspective is their own). As its predominantly men who hold power in society the values, expectations and behaviours expected by society thus become shaped to favour men, not necessarily deliberately (although this has often been the case) because the ideas don't take into account how women might be affected, as those making the rules aren't women and thus are less likely to think about it from that perspective. I've explained this to the best of my ability though anyone who can do better please do, I try to remain informed but I'm far from expert. This applies to my next section as well, history of feminism.

There are three waves of feminism. First wave sought legal equality for women e.g. right to vote, same standing in court of law, same divorce rights, etc... Famous figures in this wave include Mary Wollstonecraft and the Sufragttes leaders Emmeline Pankhurst.

The second wave sought social equality so its concerns were things like combating sexist ideas that weren't enshrined in law. This included getting rid of attitudes like "Women should stay at home and always obey their husbands" and fighting the consequences of these attitudes e.g. women getting worse wages for the same jobs and are promoted more slowly or the fact it wasn't illegal for a husband to rape his wife as she was meant to always submit to him.

Then we get third wave (I'm weaker on this so please correct me if I go wrong gals) which draws on second wave but encompasses a variety of other things.The key issue was admitting that just because you were the same sex didn't mean you were essentially the same and that different types of women could face very different issues. This was partly as second wave was accused of focusing on issues that mainly affected white middle class women. Another feature of the third wave is debates around issues such as porn and prostitution. It faces issues like is keeping these things legal liberating for women as then they have the right to do whatever they want? Or does it exploit them as they rarely benefit much from these things and it promotes sexism? There sorry for the wall of text but I hope I've been able to provide some context for the discussion.

Also final message to this sub. I've only just come across this sub and already the female perspective is interesting. Yes the gross out campaign made me go ick a bit, but its also rather helped me get over my inhibitions and was in some cases pretty damn funny. So you go girls!