I can't give exact advice. Everyone here will say "go for it" but most of them don't have experience with it. I was 24 or 25 when I received a call from CPS saying my nieces had been taken from my siblings toxic home (finally) and were in need of immediate placement. 

We didn't have time to mull it over it literally had to be made in that moment. So of course I said yes. The agreement was for approx 6 months while the parents went through rehab and counseling. It's now been 5 years parents still don't have all their shit together. 

What I can say is this, if you want this, know it won't be easy. Don't be afraid to ask for government assistance. A lot of programs can get your sister free or discounted counseling. Shes 14 and that's not an easy age for anyone, it will be even worse for her since she has had no real guidance and terrible role models on how to act as an adult. 

The eldest niece was 12 when she came to me, by 14 she was a nightmare. She physically attacked me, constantly threatened suicide etc. most of these things are because she unfortunately still has frequent contact with her parents (court ordered). 

So have him sign away rights. Do your best to ensure she has little to no exposure to your mom and her dad which will be triggers to bad behavior. Establish a routine and try not to deviate from it. Establish firm guidelines children from situations like this need structure even if the resist at first, it's important to stick to it. Take a parenting/foster course. Most are free and are given to kinship care/foster parents. 

Know this will be a long, difficult and sometimes unrewarding road. Know that she won't be happy and well overnight. Know that you can do everything right and it still might not change a thing right away. Know that you keeping a child safe and providing for them is making a small difference and hopefully she recognizes it down the road. Make sure you have several people you can vent to, even if you have to sign up for free counseling yourself. 

