So its more appropriate to be killed by your abusive husband because she was also drunk than the slight chance of her killing a stranger who might be sober.

Read the account of why she fled drunk:


" This case arises out of a domestic assault incident that took place over Memorial Day weekend in 2011. Appellant Jennifer Marie Axelberg (Axelberg), her husband Jason Axelberg (Jason), and two of their friends were staying at a lake cabin in Mora. On Sunday night, Axelberg and Jason were drinking at the nearby Fish Lake Resort. After they returned to the cabin, Axelberg and Jason started to argue while they were outside the cabin. Jason pushed Axelberg and hit her twice on the head. Fearing for her safety, Axelberg got into her car and locked the doors. Axelberg retreated to the car because she felt that it was the only safe place available to her. Axelberg did not believe she could outrun her husband. And she could not go inside the cabin, because Jason was between her and the cabin. Finally, Axelberg could not call for help, because Jason had her cell phone. Even after Axelberg got into the car, Jason continued to yell at her and started hitting the car’s windshield. Eventually, Jason climbed onto the car, started screaming, and broke the windshield with his fist. Axelberg then started the car. Jason was still on 3 top of the car, but he eventually climbed off as Axelberg started driving. Jason ran after Axelberg, yelling. Axelberg drove nine-tenths of a mile to Fish Lake Resort, the closest open business. Jason and one of the friends then walked to the resort, where Jason again confronted Axelberg in the parking lot. Someone at the resort called 911."

Given the circumstances, it's hard to see her as being in the wrong."


By the way I lost a cousin to a drunk driver and I myself was rear ended by a drunk driver while I was riding a bike at age 14 years.

I still prefer she drove away drunk than got killed by a husband.

Its almost as if because she was drunk (as was her husband) that she deserved to be killed by her husband.

