I can totally understand where you're coming from, because I've faced some of the same issues though nowhere near as severe.  My advice?  Find a sport you love and play it.  You'll find yourself wanting to take care of your body--eating right so you have more energy, exercising so you improve, and making friends and having fun.  Now that I don't make a focus of weight loss, I find myself to be at my goal weight (~22 BMI and I have a lot more muscle than your average girl).

You might also want to consider getting help for your ED.  As someone else already said, disordered eating doesn't depend on weight.  I think anorexia does, but bulimia and EDNOS don't.  Find a different doctor/mental health professional.  Especially a doctor, because a lot of what you're going through doesn't sound normal regardless of how overweight you are!

One thing I did was just completely stop counting calories and listening to my body.  It took a bit to learn how to listen to when I was hungry/full, but my weight has stayed mostly the same for over 2.5 years now.  It's scary at first, but after a time you get used to it.  Focus on fresh, whole foods which taste better and are much more filling

Another thing is love yourself.  Accept yourself as more than just a number on the scale.  I personally don't care what a friend weighs, though if they're interested in getting more fit or losing weight, I'm happy to give them advice.  Focus on being a better person and measuring your self-worth in lots of categories.  

Also, don't compare yourself to others.  I, for example, love to run.  I prefer the track over the treadmill, but when I'm running, I'm doing it because I love it.  It's not to have a "perfect body" or anything like that.  Some of the girls you see might be athletes who need to do a workout, girls who are training for a marathon, or other goals.  Find out from a doctor what you can do (if your injuries are still bothering you) and start *slow*.  Honestly, when I work out, I'm paying attention to others only to save myself from bumping into them or getting in the way.  I don't care if you're walking on the treadmill or lifting small weights--I won't even notice.  Anyone who gives you grief is a jerk, anyways.  You'd be welcome to ask me to show you the ropes, which I'd probably be happy to do unless I had a limited amount of time and had to get my workout in quickly.