the situation she described had the attackers hand on their shoulder. and i am not saying every veteran, but i clearly pointed out 82nd airborne. i will be a little more clear. 1/325 airborne infantry regiment. let me expand upon that. not a single guy in our unit doesn't go through unarmed combative training. if you served in my unit, you would know how to break that guys arm. you might even laugh that he had his hand on your shoulder while threatening you. this is an extremely dumb position to be in while threatening someone. 

let me give you an idea of how dumb. so an attacker comes at you holding a knife blade in hand, handle pointed at you and he has the blade pointed into the crook of his shoulder. do you feel threatened? do you view this person as a credible threat? 

yes there are many other veterans out there and many young MMA fighters who could kick my ass. there are also just strong people who may be proficient with high school wrestling or back alley brawling. there may be ex prisoners who learned to fight in prison. these people could all be expected to give me a run for my money. but if they put their hand on my shoulder, they are clearly signalling that they aren't one of the ones, that they are the idiot who doesn't know what he is doing.  an idiot who thinks the strategically sound thing to do is to place his hand on someone's shoulder would get owned by me or anyone else who knows how to perform the simplest (and fastest) of standing arm bars. all of this is besides the real point.

if there was an implied credible threat i would give up my wallet. but now that isn't grey area anymore. it is black and white. 

so a girl is dancing, at a party with a guy. she is giving him all the indicators that she is interested. she doesn't know him very well, he is much bigger than her. they go back to a room, and she decides this isn't a good idea. but she is afraid of saying no. now imagine the other guy has no idea that she is indicating no with her body language. he has mild asperger's syndrome. he is incapable of reading her body language. if she doesn't tell him no, if she gives him no indication that she does not want to have sex after explicitly giving him indications that she did want to have sex, than it isn't rape because he is completely unaware. in his mind she is consenting, he isn't trying to hurt her, he isn't trying to rape her, he would have stopped what he was doing had she simply spoken up. 

i would venture to say that the vast majority of men have no interest in raping someone. the vast majority of women, also have no interest in raping someone. but if she doesn't communicate her lack of consent in some manner, than they won't realize they are "raping" her. and in this moment i wouldn't consider it rape, and at the bare minimal it is mutual rape because she has presented herself as willing when in reality she was not. she took away their ability to give meaningful consent into being in that situation by not communicating her lack of consent. it doesn't have to be autism, there are many guys who aren't very good at picking up on body language, add beer into the mix and you have wandered off into some pretty grey areas. its on both of them to make their intentions known. its on both parties to communicate where their lines are drawn, and what they are willing to do. deceit at this point is tantamount to raping the other person. 

now that doesn't mean that there aren't some serial rapists out there. i just don't think that these men are more common than about 1 in 50 to one in 100. for every serial rapist there are 25 dumb guys that need to be told "no", and they will be happy to oblige (ok they won't be happy but they will also not rape her, they might feel like she led them on, and she is a bad person for having done so, but they won't turn it into a rape). the serial rapist is a new beast altogether. he wouldn't take no for an answer. but he is far from common, and if you cater your behavior to him, you might get "raped" by several other guys that would have stopped when you said "no". 

most guys are good people. if that weren't true the world we live in would be a very different place. there are just as many true autistic people (probably more) that have no desire to rape anyone, but they also don't do well with reading body language, and could be expected to be completely ignorant of all non-verbal communication (some so ignorant to not even be aware that it exists and other people use it). the girl who ends up with one of these guys and asks for a condom has consented to them. if everything she has effectively communicated to them says "yes" than she can't turn around and say she was just kidding she really meant "no". at that point she is raping them. 

so if you are afraid to say "no" to someone you know nothing about then there is a 50/50 on whether you raped them or they raped you. it could have been a serial rapist, it could have been some autistic person, there is an equally likely rate of either. but then there is the other 24 guys that are just social retards. they need a clear "no" as well, because now the refusal to say no puts it up to a 4% of it being rape, and a 96% chance that had the girl said no, it would have stopped. basing your actions around the serial rapist is a terrible idea, even if you did figure out a good strategy for one, they would learn to work around it, and figure out a new way to rape people. 

saying "no" prevents the majority of bad situations. but it won't protect you from a sociopath who has decided to rape you. if he is determined enough, nothing will stop him from raping you. 

locking your car will prevent some mentally challenged kid from accidentally getting into it thinking it is his. it will also stop the majority of simple thieves from getting inside. a determined car thief is just going to break the windows and get in anyway (or a host of other ways to break into a car). you don't protect your car as if everyone was a determined car thief. and you shouldn't try to act as if every stranger was a determined rapist. saying "no" clears up the grey are for the vast majority of people, its like locking your car door. it does a real good job against the majority of people. but the determined rapist won't listen. then again, if you say no to the determined rapist, at least you have determined that he isn't one of the good guys, and its not likely that this will escalate the situation. 

if i said no to a robber who was using subtle but real threats, he would likely escalate. when i see that he is escalating i can change my mind and give him my wallet. but if i give my wallet to anyone who asks for a dollar, than a lot of bums will be falsely accused of robbery. and if a lot of bums were getting falsely accused of robbery, the police might be skeptical when someone reports a robbery. 