>How do I talk to my mom? Why does this irritate her so much?

I don't know you or her (nor am I a mind-reader), but if I had to make a couple of guesses: She could be freaking out about the fact that you're growing up, and reacting very badly about it. Parents can get weird about that. To her, like, ten minutes ago you were starting kindergarten, and now you've got bigger boobs than her and you're starting high school. That's the charitable view. 

She could be annoyed at the cost, because bras are really expensive sometimes, and she doesn't want to go forward buying you new bras whenever your boobs grow, at this rate. This would be pretty terrible, but not outside the realm of possibility given some mothers I've known.

Or, I don't know, does she have body image issues? She could be jealous of your figure. Once again, this seems vaguely ridiculous, but... I've known some messed up moms. 

Either way, um, you really do need the new bra. Do you have an aunt or someone you're closer to that you could go to the store with and fund your new bras? Even your dad, I bet if you just wore your current bra with a thin shirt he'd see how uncomfortable it must look in terms of boob sticking up out of the top (you poor thing, two sizes too small in the cup!) and the nice thing about the dads of young teenagers is that they're often so awkward about the whole puberty thing that they'll say yes to anything so that they can stop thinking about it. I mean, don't abuse that, but it's something that needs to be done! You really do need the larger size. 

Alternately, I wonder if you could buy the bras online, now that you know your size? The fit can be iffy, but it's at least better than two sizes too small. The ladies at /r/abrathatfits can likely help make recommendations there. If you have any money saved up or can beg some from some family, that's a good way to circumvent your mother. 

As for your second two questions, I can't help you... I somehow missed all the giant boob genes in my family, so I wouldn't know much about having them. But I *have* worn shitty bras before, and had a crazy mother, and you do not need any of that nonsense in your life. 