You seem resigned about having to go on some form of birth control, so I will tell you the experiences I've had with the kinds I've tried. Everybody experiences the options differently, so this will not be necessarily the same for you. I've been on hormonal birth control for around ten years now.

I started with the standard 28 day pill, which I got progressively worse at taking everyday. I switched to the  Evra (patch), then  Nexplanon (3 year implant), and finally Nuvaring (vaginal Ring) after my implant finished. 

Evra is three patches a month, which can easily be hidden inside a book or in a pocket in your handbag. This is the same combination of Estrogen and Progesterone in many pills. Each patch stays on a week, then one week of no patch. I found that the longer I used this, the fewer places I had left to put patches as near the end my skin became very sensitive to the glue. I was on this for 4 years though.

Nexplanon is possibly cost prohibitive depending on where you live, but there is no daily hassle, and no packaging for your parents to find. This uses progesterone only, like the 'mini pills' I had very few real periods, but quite a lot of days with tiny amounts of spotting. I bought black underwear and used panty liners if I needed them.


Nuvaring is what I'm using now. It needs to be kept cool, but you could mitigate this by buying it and inserting it on the day you need it, there would be no package for your parents to find. This is a combination of Estrogen and Progesterone as well.  I really like this. It is easy to use, and I downloaded an app for my phone that sets an alarm on insertion and removal days. I have found that my vagina is more moist though.

Through all of these I never noticed any weight gain directly related to the birth control. I have had lighter periods, and basically no cramps. Actually between the Nexplanon and the Nuvaring I had a month off and I thought I was going to die of cramps that period. I cannot speak about mood changes as I was a teenager when I went on birth control and have not been off since.
