I have not seen my letters of recommendation. However, I found out confidentially that one of my letter writers was not writing a very strong letter. One thing you can ask after receiving a rejection is "is there anything I can do to improve my application?" Sometimes search committee chairs will be very honest, other times they may not. Many schools ask you to sign a waver to make your letters closed, but some actually have policies that you can request to see a copy of your letters.

In my case, my mentor asked a colleague this question on my behalf and was told in confidence that one of my letters made me sound more like a technician than a scientist. The language this letter writer used killed any chance I had in that round of applications. Unfortunately, at that time, I was collaborating fairly extensively with this colleague so his letter carried a lot of weight. I do not think that this former letter writer even knows what he did and I think he believes he wrote me very strong letters.

There is a huge double standard for how female scientists are perceived and language in letters is critical. My letter writers this year were much more cognizant of this. In fact, when I approached each of them to be my write letters, I asked them if they felt confident that they could speak positively to my abilities as a scientist and potential to become a leader in my field. I told them, if not, that I completely understood and would find another letter writer. Fortunately, I have four colleagues (including my PhD advisor) who are very supportive and completely understand the situation.

Another thing I did this year was provide my letter writers with detailed information for each position I applied to. This helped them to write letters that were tailored to the schools. I pointed them to specific items in my CV as well as ways I fit the job advertisement. I also provided them with copies of each of the applications and highlighted important points they could address. I have no idea how much they adapted their letters, but they all said that this detailed information helped them out immensely as they wrote letters for me. It is a tremendous undertaking to write letters and I owe them big.