No, you are not wrong to be pissed.

All the Sister1/Sister2 drama aside, I would start looking for employment elsewhere.  Don't make a big production about it...don't let on that you are unhappy in your current position, just start looking, get all your ducks in a row, and then resign on good terms.

First of all, at your current company, you are not "legally...entitled for days off, maternity leave etc."?  No bueno.  I'm guessing this small company has an informal, non corporate operation.  That has its advantages (more personal, less bureaucracy, family atmosphere), BUT, that informal/non corporate culture is also the same thing that enables Sister1/Sister2 to carry on as unprofessionally as they have been.  I'm guessing your company doesn't have a formal HR department or IT department?

Your supervisor brought in a temp to make up for Sister2's slacking.  OK.  So did anyone ever sit down with Sister2 to discuss her absences?  Did anyone ever sit down with both Sister1 and Sister2 to discuss their job performance?  Does your company do performance evaluations?  I'm guessing the answer is NO to all of the above.  What it sounds like to me is that since nobody in your company is a formal HR professional, nobody is comfortable reprimanding/warning employees, so they come up with band-aid solutions like hiring per diems.  That doesn't solve the root issue of Sister2's work ethic.

I've worked with several pregnant women in several different companies.  None of them behaved like Sister1/2.  My pregnant friend commuted 1.5 hours from NJ to her demanding NYC job via walking/bus/subway right up until, like, 2 weeks before she gave birth.  The only instance I've encountered of a pregnant woman taking it easier than normal on the job was one coworker who started taking the elevator from floor to floor in her last trimester, as opposed to the stairs.  THAT'S IT.  Nobody was taking extra breaks, extra days off, surfing the internet, shopping for onesies.  Sister1/2's pregnancies have nothing to do with their work ethic.  They are just unprofessional.  Also, taking cash gifts from clients?  Um, wow.