(continued)

> So when the OP lumped all white males into needing to benefit from a certain point of view, was she/he ignoring intersectionality? 

No, because all white men, even those who suffer from oppression along different axes, benefit from white privilege and male privilege. 

> Well thats funny because people like me were enslaved for most of recorded history. 

And I assume you’re not cool with that and think it’s good that changed??? Good, we’re on the same page! Oh, except for how I don’t contest that I – being for example white or straight – have white privilege and straight privilege and I don’t get all huffy when people point that out to me or try to convince them that actually my life is so much worse than theirs because I’m a woman. I acknowledge my considerable privilege and don’t act like I’m in the Oppression Olympics, measuring my oppression against everybody else’s. Instead, I believe in equality for all not just those like me. In fact, it makes me incredibly sad and mad to think of all the things the world has just handed to me simply as a result of the accident of my birth at a certain place in a certain body, that other people have to struggle for years and still never have a hope of seeing. I’m lucky in so many ways – I don’t get offended when that’s pointed out. 

> Are women at the very bottom, or are men? 

Again: intersectionality. Gender alone is not enough to decide who is at the very bottom. But, as a general rule, white, straight, wealthy, healthy men from developed Western countries are at the very top and queer, poor, mentally or physically ill women of colour from the developing world have been handed one of the worst deals. A lot of people have a conglomeration of privilege and oppression along multiple parameters, but the one never cancels out the other: if you’re a disabled guy, your disability does not make you any less of a man and does not take away your male privilege, although it does put you at a disadvantage as compared to able-bodied people, men and women .

This is not a difficult concept to grasp. 

> You dont think males, of nearly every species, take more risks in an effort to further their reproductive success? 

No, I don’t believe that, I believe men have functioning brains. And what I’d saying is not about absolving responsibility, it’s about accepting it. A society that teaches men that they must eschew all things feminine and then goes on to label a great deal of very good things – like nurturing or expressing feelings – feminine, is doing its men no favours. This is something we have to face up to. 

> Are women going to sexually select more effeminate men? 

A lot of women do. I personally actually rather think that many conventionally “effeminate” behaviours are super sexy in men. Also, that kinds of study is stupid because it doesn’t account for the arbitrariness of what is labelled “effeminate” or not: again, if you teach women that feminine behaviours are bad and that men should raise above them and if you label positive, beneficial behaviour “effeminate” it’s not going to be a huge surprise if women avoid the men that display them. Teach them the opposite and they will act accordingly. This is not something that is written in our genes, as the existence of different cultures across the globe proves: maybe a Stone age cavewoman would find a modern Swedish man hopelessly effeminate, but modern Swedish women don’t seem to mind them.

> Are you claiming there are no federal programs specifically for women?

No, I’m saying those were hard won and that, although they are definitely a step in the right direction, they haven’t yet succeeded in righting the balance.

> When men fought and died to create the modern western state, would you say it was a class struggle or a patriarchal struggle? 

Well, men didn’t create modern western states alone, people created them. And given that “modern western state” is a very multifaceted thing which is the result of centuries of development, I’d say it was born by all sorts of struggles, patriarchal, class or other.  

> Does what he gains overshadow what he loses?

That would depend on the exact parameters of his specific situation, as well as who you compare him to. 

Also: this is a pointless question. It’s also the best illustration of how you’re fixated on what’s best for you and resent anybody who isn’t in the exact same demographic as you being granted any rights that they might in fact have a perfect right to if you aren’t given all of your rights first and it might put some of them in a better position than you. It is a fundamentally selfish position that inevitably leads you to disregard your own privilege and adopt “–ist” positions against all those who differs from you. I can’t help you here. 

> You graciously concede a white woman's lilfe may have been marginally more comfortable than a black mans but he still would not have any more political power than she does. 

That would depend on exactly who he was and what his life was like. Again, there were probably lots of white women who were happier overall than lots of black men at the time, but probably also a fair number of black men who were happier than many white women, depending on which State they lived in, what their income level was, age, health, etc etc. You’re trying to make a spectrum black and white and life doesn’t work that way. 

> How am I reacting? By asking if you think its right to single a group out by their sex or gender? Thats silly? Tell me again how intersectionality teaches us the folly of grouping people by their sex or gender and assuming things about their experience to the extent that we feel we should have a say in it.

Oh, ok. To clarify: I don’t think there’s anything inherently bad in grouping people by sex. It really depends on what you intend on doing with the groups. Targeting tampon ads at people with vaginas seems like a pretty inoffensive and sensible marketing practice to me. And if by “have a say in it” you mean “express an opinion and make a completely non-binding recommendation on a social networking site”, then, yeah, again, rather failing to see the problem tbh.

And now, if you’ll excuse me I’m going to bow out of this conversation. 

