It is truly a misstatement to imply that it's "feminists" who are upping the victim/oppression ante (although some, I suppose do, the ones I respect don't do any such thing - and I've known lots of feminists over the decades).

I like Carol Pearson's work on the victim stance.  She points out that it is part of every culture's folklore (there's some version of Jack and the Beanstalk or Woman who married a Bear in every culture).  It is part of growing up.  In many cultures, enforced victimhood is part of rites of passage (it's also true that more cultures have male rites of passage than female ones, but I digress...I can give a source if requested).

So I try to remember that people who emphasize their wounded feelings, who feel victimized by bumps or slights that I now consider daily and routine, that they are going through a necessary process.

Pearson points out that in order to feel victimized, we must also have once been innocent (perceived ourselves as non-victimized, but also as non-victimizers; we lived in Eden where nothing ever went wrong - which is a wonderful state of mind and I've seen many adult women move into that space).  Victims naturally seek out two kinds of aid:

Fighters who will protect them and teach them how to get out of victim role by kicking butt

and

Nurturers who will hold them and soothe them until the pain goes away.  

All of this forms a kind of family grouping, but it is also wonderful to move past all of those roles as our primarily, daily reality.  Love is not merely nurturing, in fact, it's one of the most complex feelings/behaviors of which humans are capable.  Love can include many feelings that some may regard as unlikely (anger, a desire to reform as well as protect, etc) but surely we are allowed to find love and to love in our own ways.

It would be so nice if people at least tried upvoting others who make them think, even if the thoughts are not all pleasant or positive.  

Astraea, I truly appreciate that you made the source of your disagreement with Rachel clear.  I hope she does too.