Here, I wrote this for myself in times like these:

TBH-

You are an amazing person. You’re one of a kind. You’ve heard this from guys before, but there is really something about you. Some je ne sais quoi. And you have to own that. 

There is no one else in this world like you. You are one of the best things one can ever have. You have so much to offer, so much to give. You have a love that is just waiting for the right person, the right moment—that one that can make you feel unafraid…secure and safe, even when vulnerable. You deserve to be loved, to have your feelings respected. You deserve peace, and calm, and soundness of mind. You deserve to feel cared for. Mostly, you deserve someone who wouldn’t hurt you in any way, just like how you can never even begin to think about hurting them.

You don’t need to worry about anything. You don’t have to wonder if your significant other is cheating on you or lying to you because in a way, life naturally sorts everything out. If they decide to do those things to you, then you know they do not deserve you. You know there will be someone better despite the lies you tell yourself that maybe, he’s the best you can ever have. You have seven other billion people left. You just have to be strong enough to let go and to stand by what is best for you. Do not be anxious or insecure. The wrong ones will be weeded out by their own doing.

Do not think of heartbreaks as misery but as a blessing—a sign from fate, a heads up from the world. Be thankful that you found out soon enough and that you can start over again. I know it hurts, it will hurt, and you will feel like your world is crumbling down around you and your heart is in physical pain but you will get over that…just like you have before. And see, well, you’re still alive. You’re still here. You can still smile. You can feel pain. That’s good. You’re human.

You have to realize that forcing yourself to the wrong person is just keeping you away from the right one. You don’t deserve to cry. You don’t deserve to be curling in pain, yet you allow yourself to. Partly because you still think things could change, partly because you think who you’re with is the one you’re supposed to be with, and sometimes because you don’t know what else to hold on to. You’re lost. That’s okay. Take your first step. Now you’re going somewhere.

You have to accept that things will happen, and they are beyond your control. You control you and decide for you, not for anyone else. You have to accept that people will screw up and mess up no matter how many times you beg them not to. Their thoughts are different from yours. Accept that and know that a person who really loves you will continuously decide to not do anything that will hurt you. You don’t even have to worry about it.

Trust me—one day you’ll look back and smile because you know that one of the best things you’ve ever done was let go of someone who you thought you loved, someone who might have loved you at some point, too, but who in the end was never really right for you.
