My boyfriend and I have our own issues like this, going through the monotony of life, dealing with different conflicting life choices/emotions. It isn't unnatural for anyone to get depressed and in my opinion its also just as natural to get out of it without the help of medication. Psychiatrists have convinced the public into thinking that emotional pain is a disease and can be cured. Providing a "cure" has caused more "sufferers" to endorse the addictive medication and its a costly way of living an extremely sad life. Your boyfriend feels whatever it is he needs to feel, you don't need to slap a label on him and say "he has this" (I just thought that was really intrusive) I also think-because we aren't receiving an unbiased perspective-that some of the things you are "worried about" or "asking advice for" should be none of your business in reference to his decisions, feelings, choices to pursue "help" (seening a psych or GP W/E). Do you think he'd be ok if he knew you were asking for reddit's opinion? Honestly, if my girlfriend had gone online to talk about my problems to other people without even knowing the complete extent of my anxieties, I'd feel like my privacy was compromised. 

STOP diagnosing him. STOP thinking he has applicable lables. We are all human with deep rooted fears and innate animal instincts that cause us to fear, have anxiety, depression, motivation, happiness, pride. Every spectrum of the feeling sensory is thanks to our existence and evolution through time. You cant stop him from feeling certain things, blaming his past, wasting your time and his on things that don't matter. Why is it so funny to me that counterparts of relationships feel entitled to protect something that isn't theirs (like a body part)? BE THERE FOR HIM that's all you can do. Allowing him to diagnose himself (and your obvious neglect to remove your biased opinion of these stupid "diagnosis" probably makes him feel worse.)  If it really bothers you that much that he cant be happy because of things he has to deal with then your loss. Don't wait on someone if you are going to say BS like this. You don't know how he's feeling. Be a girlfriend, not a mother.