I don't want to impose any moral judgement on your boyfriend. I don't know him personally, and although what you has shared isn't my cup of tea, I don't responding with a "he's such an asshole" post is productive, nor is it the advice you're looking for. 

I can only offer, like so many others, advice founded in personal experience.... Have you tried bringing this up to him? I find that there's nothing more disparaging for me in a relationship than being negligent to my SO's sensitivities. I think before you make any rash decisions about splitting up, you should try letting him know how much this bothers you, and why. Be clear that you aren't asking for an apology, because up until this point, he may have not been cognizant of how you felt about this. But also be clear that this sort of behavior makes you uncomfortable, and it would mean a lot to you if he made an effort to stop or wean off on these comments significantly. You may be pleasantly surprised by his reaction. There are plenty of times when my (ex) SO's would bring up things that bothered them that I honestly was ignorant to. 

**ANECDOTE**: For instance, I am in the habit of yelling at people while passing by in the car. It's not mean spirited. Often, I'll pay a compliment, or even reach out for a high five. This bothered my ex a lot (specifically to women alone later in the evening), because she herself felt that when she was walking alone near after dark, the slightest things would throw her psyche out of wack. She had a tendency to believe this of other people, and that my actions were inconsiderate, so I should stop.

I didn't respond defensively. It was a habit I had gotten into growing up. My friends and I used to do it all the time. Things like that never crossed my mind. I apologized for making her uncomfortable and promised an effort to stop, which I did. 

Anyway, if you approach the topic calmly and ask him to stop (for good reason), then you are on totally just grounds, and it shows you respect him enough to appeal to his mature nature. If, moving ahead, he continues to act this way, then you've done all you could do, and have every reason to break it off, and to believe he's a sexist :D...Hope everything works out!


Side note: I grew up with a pretty chauvinist father, and had grown accustomed to comments like these, commonly brushed off as jokes. He may not actually be a chauvinist, and is merely repeating learned behaviors. 
