First, I'm so sorry you and your whole family is dealing with this.

The priority here is to keep your siblings safe. They're children. Your parents are grown adults who are making their own choices, but they are also choosing to let their children suffer in the process. 

The way I see it, you have a few options. If I were you, I would get my butt down there immediately. I would tell your parents either they're getting help (couples counseling, anger management and addiction), or the kids are coming with you. You may not be able to care for them, or they may fight you, so we go to plan b:

Tell them either they get help, or you are going to do everything in your power to keep those kids safe, regardless of what happens to your parents. So you call the cops. You tell the kids to call the cops. You call the cops any time anyone feels uncomfortable. You call CPS and tell them exactly what happened. You train the kids to call CPS every time Daddy is drunk or yelling. You create a paper trail as long as possible. The is very important because when this violence escalates, and it will, this will make it much, much easier to get the kids safe. 

Many places in the US also have social workers for situations like this. CPS or Legal Aid should be able to point you in the right direction. Getting a social worker assigned to your siblings may be the best thing. They'll create a relationship with the kids, the kids can confide in them, and they will act in the best interest of the children in all ways (and basically be your proxy) as your parents clearly aren't going to.

As for having someone committed to detox...you can, but they have to be an imminent threat to themselves or others. And you have to have a police paper trail. The state can only force therapy/family counseling/anything truly helpful if a crime has been committed - and documented. 

You can talk to your mom and tell her how you feel - even tell her what steps you're going to take to protect the kids, but ultimately her decision is up to her. I would definitely see if there is a local abused-women/children shelter in their town. Get her the contact info for their emergency line just in case she has a change of heart. 

Good luck.