I like how this thread has attracted a lot of downvotes without any effort to enter the discussion. :/

School came easily to me too. That does cause a bit of resentment sometimes even when you're not trying to flaunt it. I was basically Hermione. Even if I wasn't flaunting it unconsciously, I was called on by the teachers as an example, on the honour roll, etc. And I was DIFFERENT, because my life experiences were (and are) different.

Due to my health problems, I couldn't be around drinking, smoking, or drugs. So in high school, everyone thought I was going around JUDGING people for those things, when I was simply UNABLE to join in. I'd have loved to be normal! But my abstinence made them feel their guilt about the choices they weren't comfortable with in themselves. So they took it out on me. It wasn't that they felt bad about it, it was that I was a stuck-up bitch who MADE them feel bad. I was vegetarian at the time too, but not one of those militant ones. I never went around trying to convert anyone - but by the rumours you'd have thought I went around grabbing meat off people's plates and throwing it on the floor so they had no lunch, lol. I just didn't eat meat. (I do now but grateful for the ability to make vegetables taste good.) People made a lot of assumptions about what I was thinking about THEM, and attacked me over that.

When you're smart but the bully calls you dumb; you're pretty but the bully calls you ugly; you're not fat but the bully calls you fat; that can be jealousy, but it can also be the "proving ground" teasing of being new at school.

If it's "proving ground" then you have to find ways to disengage. If you get upset and show they got to you they'll just get worse. Which is especially difficult if you don't have friends yet and suddenly people are saying nasty rumours about you all the time. It's natural to be upset.

It can also, and this is the tricky part - be because the bully simply wants your attention and they don't have developed enough social skills to do it in any more appropriate way. Like the boy who was pulling my hair in Grade 3.

The only things that really help are to get better verbal deflection/diffusion skills (which can help get other people to help you) and for other people to get trained in bystander skills so that when bullying happens people will understand that it's unacceptable, have empathy even for "different" people, and know how to intervene safely.