My dad is the best man I know. He's shaped the way I treat others and more importantly, the men I chose (specifically the man I wound up with).

Love her mom. That's huge. Treat her mom well and with respect. Never let her overhear you objectifying women. Remember that you set the groundwork for how your daughter will think men should treat her. So like everyone said, treat her like a person, not a thing that needs to be overprotected because she can't take care of herself or like another species.

Another wonderful thing my dad did for me is he made me unafraid to fail. I remember the biggest disappointment of my life. I had not only failed my student teaching, I realized it wasn't what I wanted to do in the first place. Years of college wasted. I had never felt like more of a fuckup. I told my dad. He knew I was already beating myself up. He said, "Well... I guess we'll just have to figure out what we're going to do next." It made me feel so safe and hopeful. That's how I always felt growing up. I knew that while he always pushed me to do things on my own, he always had my back.

Also, he NEVER let me leave the house or go to bed angry. This was especially important when I was an emotional teenager. Even if an argument wasn't resolved and I was still pissed about whatever, he would always tell me he loved me and made me say it back. Even if it was grudgingly. I was always glad he did that. I was also glad that while he liked knowing what I was doing or where I was going when I got older, it didn't extend beyond that. He didn't try to control me. He just liked to know what was up.

The best thing my parents did for me though is that even though they didn't always understand me, they would always go out of their way to get some level of understanding and/or participate in whatever I was interested in. They still do. They come to Comic Con with me (even though my dad has no idea who or what anything there is), they'll watch at least one episode of any shows I'm into, my dad even makes sure I get my absentee ballot in every year and texts me various article about whatever political candidate I'm backing, even though he always votes the opposite of me. It's awesome. Most parents try to push their kids toward stuff *they* already like - Which is totally fine! But if she gets interested in something, show enthusiasm and interest as well!

Anyway, it looks like you already got some pretty great advice - especially the part about remembering she's your CHILD. The fact that you care so much to ask is a VERY good sign. It's going to be awesome:)