Preface: I am Canadian. We have paid maternity (and some paternity) leave here. My country has *way* more in the way of social support for mothers than the US. Anyway.

My mother is a doctor in the public health system. (My father is too.) When I was born, and later when my sister was born, she took off a few weeks and was immediately back to work 50-60+ hours a week as an OB/GYN. She and my dad both worked extensively, and basically had to co-ordinate call schedules so that they wouldn't both be working 36hrs straight simultaneously. 

She is a great mother. (He's a great father, too.) Truly a great mother. I have never doubted that for a moment. I have always been resolutely offended when people imply that working mothers are somehow less dedicated to their children, no matter what profession those mothers do. If my mother can be a doctor and a great parent, I have no doubt that a single mother working triple shifts at WalMart to support her family can be a great mother too. In fact, I *know* that those women can be great mothers because if they didn't love their children, they wouldn't work so hard. 

There's an ugly, classist narrative which claims that women-- obviously affluent-- have to spend all day baking cookies and doing laundry and going to "mommy and me" yoga to do a good job of parenting. Bullshit. Running a mommy blog is not a prerequisite to raising a great family. Neither is staying home all day through your children's infancy.

There is nothing wrong with having childcare support, whether that comes from Grandma or a nanny or daycare or your anyone else. (Though obviously childcare should be afforable and accessible! This is crucial!) There is nothing wrong with being a working mother. It's 2014. We should not still be having this fucking conversation.

Emma Thompson is completely entitled to do whatever she wants with her life to parent in whatever she sees fit. Obviously, given that she is an actress, her job probably involves more travel than most. But what's good for Emma Thompson is good for Emma Thompson. She should have phrased her statement to reflect the specificity of her reality.