It's extremely situation dependent, and I also take posts with a grain of salt. We're only getting one side here.

In your particular situation I would have told you to get out of that relationship, or at the very least find some place else to live. It sounds like it was really volatile, and that it had the potential to an abusive level, if it wasn't there already. This comment:

>was walking on egg-shells by the time the relationship ended.

Is very telling. You see it a lot when partners have severe anger issues. Telling her to think before getting angry however probably wouldn't have helped much. Her problem was most likely that she had no coping mechanisms for the feelings she was having before getting angry. She needed counseling to help her work on that. Getting her into counseling would not have been your responsibility. Staying with her while she got herself sorted would not have been your responsibility. Your mental and physical health is your responsibility, which is why I would have recommended distance if not a complete breakup between you two.

For OP's situation it sound more like there's a snowball effect going on, but they have a very real possibility of ending up where your relationship was. The two of them are piling stuff on each other and so saying something to her like "You need to work on thinking before you get angry at me" is counterproductive. It removes any kind of responsibility from him for the things he's done to add to the situation, maybe he's feeling resentful because he now has a job that he likes but OP isn't being supportive so he's lashing out in ways he doesn't notice. Perhaps he's unknowingly being dismissive of her concerns, or shutting down before any discussion has been had, etc. I'm also an advocate in most situations of giving your partner the benefit of the doubt. Your partner probably doesn't want to piss you off/get pissed off at you. So it's up to the both of them to find what's triggering that. You have to get to the root of the problem in order to start taking the resentment levels down. Counselors are good for those kinds of things.

However, both of their anger outbursts are concerning. Really concerning. I think they both need to get into individual counseling because, especially with a baby coming, they need better coping mechanisms. This kind of stuff is not acceptable when you have a child.