Yeah, same with me. I'm more intrigued by fathers as well. Maybe because I always yearned for a close father-daughter relationship and never got it? 

What do I miss? This is both an easy and a difficult question. They easy answer is his unconditional love and acceptance. The difficult answer, on the other hand, well, very difficult to put in words. My dad and I didn't have what is considered a good, healthy relationship. I don't want to go into so much detail but there were problems out of my control. Because of these, I grew up with a dad who was distant, who didn't quite know how to raise a child, how to talk to her, how to teach her things. I grew up with this image of my dad in my mind; an image which I later realized was completely wrong. He was a quiet man, an introvert indeed. Introverts can be majestically misunderstood, you see? Long story short, I judged him under a certain light. Many years later, as I get to know myself better, I realized that my dad and I are very much alike. Some things I think or feel now must have been similar for him. 

There are certain moments I remember from the past. Things we did together; like playing cards, like going to the farmer's market every Saturday morning, like fixing a broken appliance together. We didn't talk much during those moments, but I enjoyed them very much. He didn't say much, but now I feel he enjoyed them, too. I now see that he looked very relaxed at those moments, just like what I felt and what I'd feel right now in the presence of someone I trust and I love. I really miss those moments that I felt closest to him.  

I can't help myself but think what could have been but I don't regret anything. Whatever I did, I did with the little information I had. Of course now I wish I'd known better, wish I had been more insightful when I was growing up, but who doesn't? Hindsight is 20/20. We all could have done things differently with our current knowledge and awareness. 

What happened to your parents, if you don't mind me asking? 