Thanks! I'm now following the discussion on their facebook page.

Now I'm not sure what to think. I haven't actually taken mine yet - I used it once before after a condom broke, and when I saw it advertised at such a great price on Amazon, I decided to buy one to keep on hand in case it ever happens again. This box looks exactly the same as the one I bought at CVS. However, I just went and opened the plastic tamper-proof packaging, and the weird thing is that the cardboard "tear here to open" strip on the actual cardboard box is *already torn* (it was impossible to tell when it was still in the plastic packaging). However, the blister-pack containing the pill (as well as the part of the box that surrounds the blister pack) are in perfect condition - so even if someone did open the box, it doesn't look like the pill itself has been tampered with or replaced.

This seems kind of fishy, but I'm not quite ready to throw it out until I get more information. (So far NARAL hasn't cited a source, but says the info came from their "allies.")

On the Amazon page, there's a review by someone who received a box that had clearly been tampered with, got it replaced through Amazon, and is encouraging others to buy only from Pharmacy Consultants. That makes me think there were *other* Amazon sellers that were selling fake pills, Amazon got rid of them, and now the only seller that's left is Pharmacy Consultants - and even if they *are* legit, those reviews for the other sellers are still there, confusing potential customers (since Amazon attaches the reviews to the product, rather than the seller).

There are other Amazon reviews (as well as posts on NARAL's facebook page) from women who say that they bought it from Pharmacy Consultants/Amazon, and took it, and it seems to have worked (they're not pregnant, at least). So some facebook commenters are suggesting that the reports of a scam are just confusion from that one Amazon review, and others are suggesting that anti-choicers are spreading *rumors* that it's a scam, to stop women from buying it!

In any case, if I have reason to take Plan B before NARAL posts an update, I won't be taking this one. However, I'm going to hold on to it for now, in the hopes that it gets proven to be legit.

EDIT: Inside the the cardboard box, there were two anti-theft stickers (the kind that set alarms off if you try to steal something from a store) - so if the Amazon seller also had these in a brick-and-mortar store, that would explain why the box had been opened. That's the only reason why I'm not panicked about the box being open.
