> So much of this conversation seems to centered on "husbands".
> This "problem" is hardly gender specific,

This is very true (particularly in my partnership and that of my parents), but the question was one that addressed the issue specifically when a woman feels more competent in the domestic sphere, I think, than her male partner. 

I do thing there is an issue with "invisible" work, domestic work, that tends to get done by women and not acknowledged.  It is by no means universal, but I do think it is an issue that many men -- particularly or even exclusively those brought up with mothers who did most of the domestic work -- don't completely understand the work that needs to get done to run a house.  No one taught them, and they may never had seen a man doing it, and thus never pictured themselves doing it or needing to understand it.  As a result, many of these men enter into partnerships with women fully meaning to share the domestic labor, but without understanding what needs to get done much less how.  Often, but not always, women have a better understanding of this for the same reason that men may not: they saw their female relatives doing it and may have even been explicitly taught how to do certain things.

And there is a flip-side to this, sometimes these same women just assume they always know the best times and ways to do things when they don't. They assume the man is less competent when in fact he may just be less experiences, or doing things just as well just differently.  T

My post was written to address both of these issues.  Whether a man doesn't know how to do things or just does things differently, don't treat him like he is your employee and you are the boss.  For one things, if equality is what you want, then you certainly aren't modeling it by taking the superior role.  And secondly, let someone who might not have as much experience catch-up and in his/her own way.  

It's hard to address an issue that may be systemic, meaning it is not necessarily localized to a single relationship, without over generalizing.  But I know exactly the phenomenon that OP is talking about and it is a big topic among my female friends -- how to avoid doing the bulk of the domestic work with our male partners, all of whom, I am sure, thinking of themselves as the model of political enlightenment and completely equal-minded.