This comment makes it seem like we are agreeing more than disagreeing... However, I still have some major issues with your first comment. 
To start, you said she doesn't even really need to consider his opinion. Which, I find to not be true. I think it is a good idea for her to know how it will effect everyone involved, and as you stated...they were both involved. Which is why when you say she believe it puts pressure on her to keep the child... I can't really disagree. It probably does put pressure on her to keep the child, and it should. Not in the sense that her reasons aren't important or his are more important, but in the sense that she should have all the information, and his feelings make up a portion of the information.
Another small point I find worth making is that you are assuming that when she has the baby, "all other parts of life for her will lose meaning" for her. That is a large assumption to make... While, I am sure this does happen I believe it is within the realm of possibility that this wouldn't happen, and that it may not be what he wants. There is a chance he could be a stay at home dad(though chances are he wouldn't be), and there is another chance they they both continue doing what they do, but with the added responsibility of a child. Now, if the latter is the case I can't damn her for not wanting the added responsibility. I myself do not want to be a father or have any of the added responsibilities that come with, but I think it is sill y to assume her life would lose meaning outside of being a mother. 
You said, "people in stressful situations need reassurance of what they've done well.." And while I agree(with some disagreement(someone can be doing bad while doing some things right)), that didn't sound like what you were saying. It sounded like you were basically telling  her that respecting her boyfriends feeling were a nice albeit unnecessary touch.
Finally, "...and resentment does not a happy relationship make...", I agree 100%. This post is about her decision, but it is also about her boyfriend's reaction and how to handle it. I do not think it is immature for him to be upset if she decides to terminate the pregnancy. While it is her choice, it will effect him. And if down the line he resents her choice and it eventually leads to a break up, I think it is better for her to know then for her to be blind sided(a point you made about maturity) by it.
One final point... I disagree with your definition of immaturity/maturity immensely. While an immature/mature person might act in a manner as you've described,it isn't right to say mature people make decisions with knowledge of how they affect others. That definition stacks the deck. Because suddenly he doesn't have a chance at being mature, because ultimately it isn't his decision, and if he isn't making a decision then he isn't being mature(by your definition of mature). I think his actions clearly demonstrate his maturity despite him not making the decision. He let her explain her reasons for making her choice to abort, told her how he feels, told her that it may end the relationship, and he told her he needs time to decide whether or not he wants to come with her(and while I would come with for support, if he has a moral objection to abortion I can understand his reasons for not wanting to come. And to be clear, I'm not saying she is acting immaturely. Because she clearly is. My point is, your definition of maturity was unfair and lead to what you wanted the outcome to be. 
