You did the right thing. That's exactly how my dad was with his alcoholism. His drinking was NEVER his fault. Always my mom's (for working too late/not cooking/not doing enough chores-despite her working 60 hours a week with him retired) or mine for being a little shit (which I really was not). He fully agreed with Alec Baldwin when he called his daughter a 'little pig' and said the same about me. 

He's still never taken responsibility for it. He's only been sober for half of my life (I'm 28 now); I know he's only sober right now because after his last horrid bender, he took himself to a shitty hospital where he contracted pneumonia and almost died (this was 4 years ago). He's also completely in denial about anything he did while under the influence (such as crashing the car right through the back of the freakin' garage). He may be sober, but he'll never change. He's never once apologized for it either. Doesn't think he did anything wrong. Never will.

And I hate to say this because I know how you feel and I know you want/need your dad to change, but he won't. There is, unfortunately, nothing you can do about it. Even if he stopped being physically abusive, it wouldn't be because he really changed, it would be because he got in trouble for it. That is the problem with being raised by a narcissist.

As far as your mom's concerned, she has to do her own thing. Unfortunately, you can't really help her either. No amount of abuse from my dad (mental, not physical) could get my mom to leave him-though she claimed at one point she was saving up for a divorce.  I know you're worried about her. Mine is still trying to make up for that half of my childhood/adulthood that he messed up so badly. You can't change your mom either-she needs to realize on her own how terrible he is and then make her own break.

Anyway, I know these aren't really the words you want to hear, but here's one thing I know: You will be okay. Really. It will take hard work and maybe some counseling (it can help), but you will be okay. I'm glad you're safe and give your ex an extra hug for housing you while you sort this out.