>That's the difference between knowing about something and knowing something. There are a lot of jokes that are funny if you know women are [insert misogynistic statement here] but aren't funny if you just know that some people think [misogynistic statement].

I had a feeling this is what you meant, but I wasn't sure (and I could still be wrong, my brain is being a little sluggish today, so feel free to correct me). The problem with that, in the context of this discussion, is that your assertion isn't a fact.

In other words, it seems as if you are saying that a blonde joke is A) funny to someone because they know blonds are dumb, while B) it's not funny to some people because they know that there are people who actually think this is true.

My issue is that you are treating this as black and white, that by not falling into column B you automatically fall into column A, whereby you think all blondes are dumb. While you may have a valid point that someone reciting a blonde joke may be doing something morally wrong by spreading this sort of stereotype, once again, my point is that telling the joke or finding it funny does **not** mean you actually feel that blondes are dumb, nor does it mean you think it would be okay to treat an actual, real blonde person badly.

A lot of it largely comes down to the distinction between fantasy and reality. A joke is fictional, it's understood that jokes are distortions, and enjoying one does not mean I would enjoy doing or thinking these things to or about a real person. It's the same exact argument that's been presented against books, movies, music, comics, RPGs, and video games, that acts within these creative mediums (of which humor is a part) are directly analogous to real life, that only deranged people could enjoy them or that they will corrupt normal people into this evil way of being, and it's never been true.

Again, certain arguments could be made that it contributes to a more lax environment, one which is welcoming to people with these prejudices or what have you, or that the jokes are hurtful to people in these joked about groups, but that is a different issue to the one which we are discussing.