My point is that what constitutes "overeating" depends on the person. For example, my brother can eat three Big Macs and a few servings of pasta a day and drink sweet tea with real sugar all day and remain clinically underweight. A friend of mine who is on a hell of a drug cocktail to manage her bipolar disorder can eat 1000 calories a day and walk a mile and a half to and from class every day and gain weight. I wouldn't say she's overeating or underexercising by normal standards. By holding people to weight standards and not to lifestyle standards, we're doing both of them a disservice. Filling your body with crap is not a healthy lifestyle, and walking to class every day and eating right is, yet people will judge her for what they assume her lifestyle to be. Now you could say that she needs to lift or she needs to exercise more or whatever, but it's pretty unreasonable to think that she should put more effort and live a healthier lifestyle than most of the people around her in order to earn the same amount of respect.

Now to the 1/3 problem. To me, when a health problem becomes this prevalent, it means we as a society are doing something wrong, not the individuals who have it. I'll agree that it's probably not entirely genetic because we wouldn't see a genetic shift happening that quickly, but that doesn't mean it's not outside their control. Some of it has to do with what food they can afford or think they can afford. Which is cheaper, a gallon of milk or a gallon of Coke? Which is cheaper, pasta or fresh vegetables? When you're on a limited income, eating healthy is hard. We subsidize corn and soy so all the cheapest foods are full of high fructose corn syrup, which does disrupt metabolism, so that's bad for anyone on a strict budget who doesn't know better. We don't do a good job of teaching nutrition and what enough exercise really is, so people think they're doing fine when they're doing everything wrong. They're eating more calories than they would otherwise and they're eating things that are going to lower their metabolism, so that's useless. There are a lot of people where I'm from who think they're being healthy by eating foods that are advertised as "healthy" but who don't realize how bad those foods really are for them. Epigenetic factors are in there too, for sure, but we don't have a good enough grasp on them yet so we have to work with what we've got.

I think the more effective ways to reverse the trend of increasing obesity have nothing to do with blaming people who are obese. The way to really change things is to focus on education about what a healthy lifestyle is and how it works, and to work on increasing availability and decreasing cost of healthy foods. I also think we need to focus on a much more practical approach to this education, like for example bringing home ec style classes back to middle school and high school would be a great opportunity to address the issue of how to eat healthy in a practical, hands-on way. Instead of baking cakes and darning socks, kids could learn some basic cooking skills and what recipes are affordable, healthy, and tasty. There are plenty of quick, healthy meals you could teach, like stir fries and fajitas and various soups and stews that can sit in a crockpot all day. That takes healthy eating from a daunting task that they aren't sure they can do that sounds out of budget and like it requires more skill than they have to something anyone can do.

And then phys ed needs to be actual education and activity, unlike the one semester class I had to take in high school, where most of the class sat and watched the rest of the class play basketball or kickball. Teaching proper lifting form and introducing kids to various sports would be much more effective than having people sitting and watching other people be active or than telling people "lifting weights is one of the most effective ways to boost your metabolism" without really giving them the tools to do it well and the knowledge that makes people more confident about hitting the gym and helps them find exercises that they actually enjoy.

These are ways we can make a difference in the obesity epidemic in spite of various epigenetic and medical obstacles. But not a single one of them calls anyone lazy, and it's not guaranteed to put everyone in the "healthy" category because there's probably more going on than just this. I'm absolutely convinced that we're facing some sort of epigenetic change, but while we're slowly zeroing in on likely targets, we haven't quite gotten there yet. Once we do, we may be able to address that change if we can remove the culprit for future generations and maybe even find a way to turn that set of genes on or off in people who are already affected. Until then, it does no good to fat shame people, especially when the problem is this widespread, and we should instead focus on the flaws in our system that are contributing to unhealthy lifestyles.