The "real women have curves/come in all sizes" situation. Like the ads Dove puts out with various curvy women (who are always incredibly attractive, not average women) in order to promote "all sized women".

However, I never find my body type portrayed in these ads (I'm lanky). This got me thinking one day. I feel like some marketer looked at the numbers and realised the majority of women weren't lanky and also felt under-represented and they could increase their consumer base if they played off of this mentality of "curvy pride". The majority of people, at least in the US, are overweight who love declaring their curvy pride. Seeing ads claiming to promote women off all sizes must strike a chord. 

Disclaimer: I'm all for people of all sizes, shapes, colours, whatever. I know I must be sounding at least a little offensive, but I'm speaking from a marketing standpoint, which is never very delicate. I'm not trying to reflect my personal views. And also, again, this came to mind when I saw I was not actually represented in any way in these ads for "women of all shapes and sizes". Also, I'm not a marketer, I'm just theorizing.

These ads were featuring a different type of woman but I never felt they were promoting all types. Plus the models chosen were still attractive and the pictures were obviously still shopped.

I feel like there's a whole market of overweight people (usually female) that's a "gold mine" currently being exploited. 

This was reinforced when I found out that Dove, the company I've seen lots of these empowerment ads from, are owned by Unilever, which also owns Axe and puts out ads with scantily clad thin women fighting each other to grope men; because they know the exploitable market base for Axe is horny teenage boys while the exploitable market base for Dove is women who have been invalidated or ignored over their bodies.

I've been awake for too long so I'm not saying this well. Maybe someone else has a better way of putting it, but I hope you see where I'm coming from and that I'm really not trying to offensive in any way.