I think the issue here is that you're starting with a few assumptions about what the words "capable" and "need" mean. 

The qualifying question to ask is "What happens if this doesn't get done?"

You have a good statement when you say "We both have about the same standards for what "clean" means". I think what you're seeing here is that you've been trained with one cultural standard, and they've been trained with another. This was the case for me when I got married. My wife had one standard for what cleaning meant. What doing the dishes meant. What kinds of foods she liked to eat. How much juice was in the fridge. I was more of a scrounger. I grew up poor when I was young, so I just basically got by.

If the carpets don't get steam cleaned...they get slightly dirtier. I have never gotten my carpets steam cleaned except when I was moving out. Nothing bad happened to me as a result. This is not so much a need, as something that's important to you. Eating the same meal over and over...it's called not being an American. Know why they call it Mexican food? Chinese food? Italian food? For a long time, that's all they ate. Day in, day out. Like 5 meals. It's actually good for you to do that. You tend to eat less. My SO and I do that all the time. Guess what happens if you don't wash your jeans for a year. Almost nothing.

These are not needs. These are things you do because it's how you were raised. Cultural things. So it's no surprising that they don't do them. 

When she sat me down and explained what stuff made her happy, I was glad to know. I did the things not as chores, but as tiny love letters for her. We eventually got divorced, but not because of that. In later LTR's, I did the same thing pro-actively. I tried to find out what made my SO happy. Some of them liked candy and flowers on a regular basis. Others enjoy certain romantic gestures and at least 2 lbs of butter in the fridge at all times (she liked baking). I have a fairly comprehensive list of things I do for my current SO to make her environment comfortable. She does the same for me.

If you approach it not as "You're incompetent because you don't do these things" but rather as "I know these things are idiosyncratic, but it would make me feel really loved if you would go out of your way to do them for me. Also, I want to know what I can to do make you feel loved.", suddenly you go from problem solving, to loving support.

So my advice would be:

1. Sit down and have a talk. Write it all out. Have a record where you both can see it.  
2. Find out what HIS things are. He might not even feel comfortable saying them. But make sure your lists are equitable. If he's doing things to make your environment better, do things to make his environment better.  
3. Make it a game if you're into that kind of thing. Keep it light. Nobody likes to be guilt-ed.  

tldr; It's not a need, it's a want. Making a home is a 2 way street.