So you're basically saying that "feminism" has a branding problem. I agree.  It has a similar problem to, say, Islam.  There are liberal Muslims, moderate Muslims, casual Muslims, and radical Muslims.  The moderate Muslims can say that the radical ones aren't "true Muslims," but the radical ones can turn right around and say that the casual/liberal/moderate Muslims aren't true Muslims and are giving Islam a bad name. That's because things like this really are open to interpretation. Feminism can be even more confusing because there's not one central, definitive text that describes all that it means, in easily digestible bite-sized bits of 150 characters or less.

There is no such thing as a true feminist--there are a lot of different ideas that live under the umbrella of feminist thought, and there is no central governing authority that decides who is allowed to identify as a feminist. There is no excommunication procedure.

You refer to feminism as a movement. It's kind of a movement, but not really. Feminism is about promoting equality and getting people to discuss gender issues.  But if you decide to read that link I posted, you'll see how varied feminist thought really is.  Some even argue that feminism shouldn't even be thought of as a movement, because it reduces the term to describing the 20th century women's rights movements, when in fact "feminism" (pushes for gender equality) have existed in different forms in different places throughout human history. Feminism is more of an ongoing discussion of gender issues than it is a unified movement.

Nowadays, being feminist usually means supporting reproductive rights, engaging in discussion of rape and sexual assault (a very difficult area, often shaded with gray). For some, it means supporting the sex positivity movement. For others, it's getting men and women alike to see the double standards we as a society hold (for both men and women). A big part of feminism is acknowledging and discussing men's issues, and the problems that arise for men because they're expected to meet society's standards for masculinity, which are perpetuated by both men and women...  Again, it's more if a discussion than a movement.

The fact is, it doesn't matter whether "tumblr feminists" are ruining the term or not. If people are saying they aren't feminists because they misunderstand the term, or don't want to be associated with people who are misusing the term, and have no desire to educate themselves subject, and yet still openly support the idea of equality for all, then who cares?  They're supporting equality (including gender equality), at least superficially.

I personally am not going to stop identifying as a feminist just because some (or possibly most) people misunderstand what it means, just like I'm not going to stop identifying as a Redditor just because there are some crazy troll psychos on here.  I love Reddit, and I think it does a lot more more good than bad. Same with feminism. If anyone ever seems shocked or confused by my self-identification as a feminist, I'll tell them that I support equality. I'll tell them that I'm a feminist and so is my husband. We believe gender roles put people into silly boxes, demanding correct behavior.  We're both of the opinion that people should be allowed to be themselves, having both masculine and feminine characteristics.  Everyone should be allowed to feel empowered at times, vulnerable at others. 

TLDR: One big problem with feminism is that there isn't a good TLDR for it.