I have been using MFP for about a year.  In that time, I've gone from 215lbs to 138 (I'm slightly over that, ATM, but recently added strength training, and my weight bounced up a bit the new exercise - as can be expected).

I went from a 16/18 to a size 2.  I'm still working on stubborn belly and thigh fat, but eventually it will go .. It's just a matter of working my macros.  

I started working on myself last April, when my doctor told me she wouldn't renew my prescription because my blood pressure was too high.  I need that medicine.  It keeps me from having periods that last upward of 6 months.  Without it, I'm going through 6 super tampons in an hour.  It is not standard birth control, because I can't take hormonal birth control, but it does also prevent pregnancy, which I definitely want.  Long story short, my motivation was better health.  I needed my meds.  My family's health history is awful, and I was headed straight down the same terrible path.  This is no longer the case.  I picked up MFP, started walking and biking, and eventually moved to a c25k program (I've never run before, but I'm up to 7 miles now and things are looking good for my 10-miler in October).  Lifting is new because I've plateaued in my weight loss, and a change is frequently what's needed to jumpstart things.  

Go check out MFP.  Sign up on your computer - it's free.  You can get it on your smartphone, assuming you have one.  Scanning bar codes couldn't be easier, and you can enter homemade meals and snacks to get calorie counts.  Invest in a good food scale.  Eyeballing portions does not do you any good.  Try logging your meals for a few days and see what you're actually ingesting (calorically) in the course of a day.  Getting through the first two weeks was the hardest for me ... After that, the cravings and need for snacking went away.  I am a boredom snacker - breaking myself of that was pivotal.  

I still have trouble not seeing myself as the fat girl, regardless of what people say I look like.  But, I know I'm so much healthier now then I was a year ago.  It's important to not get caught up in fad diets .. they always lead to failure.  Make a lifestyle change.  MFP has helped me with that, because I can still eat all the same things I did before - I just have to work it into my daily calorie count.  I am jtodd78 on MFP if you'd like to add me.  And don't be afraid to step on the scale.  That's who you are today - not who you can be, if you want to be.
