Please keep in mind that the defendent pled guilty. When questioned about the incident by a detective, his response was, "That’s rape." The argument that the sentence doesn't fit the crime has to be weighed against many factors, and I think the fact that the young man admitted the wrongness of his actions matters a great deal.  
[This article](http://crimeblog.dallasnews.com/2014/04/man-pleads-guilty-to-raping-fellow-booker-t-washington-high-school-student-during-school.html) says that he WILL have to register as a sex offender, and that he will be required to spend the entire day on which the incident took place in jail throughout his probation (five years). (Update: I see the original link above came after the initial ruling, but, in any case [the original judge has recused herself from the proceedings, in large part due to the strongly negative reaction](http://crimeblog.dallasnews.com/2014/05/dallas-judge-recuses-herself-from-case-of-admitted-rapist-sentenced-to-probation.html)--this matters because the plaintiff's attorney wants to amend the terns of probation. I'm guessing a lot of this has to do with the removal of the sex offender registry requirement.  
The original angle most people took on this case was that it was ludicrous to sentence him to community service at a rape crisis center. If possible, I would ask you to set aside how offensive this seems (one online commenter said, "It's like asking a pedophile to serve at a kindergarten."), and consider another viewpoint (from an anonymous commenter, as well):  
>Shame on the Dallas Area Rape Crisis Center as well.  They've missed a golden opportunity to help someone who was injured.   It is obvious this boy was remorseful as well.  There's no reason he couldn't wash dishes or clean the yard.  I agree if he had been a violent offender who actually intended to assault someone it would have been a mistake, but that wasn't the case here.  Seeing other victims as they come and go would have been a fantastic way for him to really realize just how important it is to pay attention and teach his future children how to do things differently.  