I really, really needed to reply to this, because I resonated with this SO much. You sound like you're pretty much bang on the same level of ASD as I am, which I found really rare to come by. Granted, I don't have dysgraphia (well, not really) and I definitely don't have epilepsy, but I can totally relate to your AS and Dyspraxia.

Like you, I -can- pick up on social cues, mostly fluently, and seemingly automatically (as in, the process-to-reaction time to a social cue is around 1 second) but it's definitely not an "automatic" process in the traditional sense, more a case of learning things by rote.

I think that's probably why I actually struggle building relationships - both pleutonic and romantic, because the logical table of appropriate responses doesn't always cover conversations between "after polite small talk" and "WOW I KNOW YOU SO WELL" except in some small circumstances.

I love brazzledazzle's likening to natural social cues to colour blindness - it really IS like that because I don't really have a feel for what neuro-typical social cues are, just my crazy on-the-flying styling social cues based on years and years of trial and error.

I was significantly less functioning than I was when I was around 7 (I am now 27) - I was hardly in a wheel chair or anything! - but I was completely socially inept and even my dyspraxia was worse than it is now. I just wanted to say that others ASD/Dys* reading this, or parents of kids with this, it IS possible to actually override most of the traits to become "socially normal". Granted, some of the traits never really go away, mostly the little things (the small obsessions, the missing steps in an order of commands, the small social cues, etc) but for all intents and purposes, to the average person observing me, or even my colleagues around me, they have absolutely no clue I have AS.

Reading these sub-comments have made me feel all warm and happy inside that there are more people on the same level as me, as I said, it's a rarity to run into for me! Hence my ridiculously long (surprisingly long) reply. Like you, probably rambling too much now, so I'll end it here :')

Thank you, reddit!

PS: Not a throwaway account, because fuck that noise. WOOOOO ASD.