I am starting by saying that I have no experience with people with learning disabilities and that I agree with almost 100% of your comment. But I do have experience with criminal law and disagree with the definitive assertion of "(it was sexual assault)". I think that there is more to whether this was a crime or not. (Of course this is coming from U.S.'s legal systems and not the U.K.'s) 

Technically, it is very likely that a crime was committed, but the man could be legally excused for his act. Self-defense is a well-known defense to conviction for a crime; it is justification for assault. People are also normally aware that there is an insanity defense-a mental capacity defense- which excuses the conduct.

There are two ways that a person can be found to legally lack mental capacity in my jurisdiction. One is mental capacity to stand trial, which is not a defense but rather more of a procedural issue. In that situation, the trial is delayed until the person has the ability to understand that they are being tried for a crime and to participate in their defense. This appears to be what you are speaking about. This is a very difficult standard to meet. The other is lacking the capacity to understand that what they are doing is a crime. Just because the act- the physical groping- occurred, it does not mean that it is not legally excused. 

As back ground to the "second-type" of mental capacity defense, most U.S. jurisdictions the crimes require that the person both complete the physical act and have some sort of mental state in completing the act. If someone was falling and accidentally grabbed or hit you, this would not satisfy the elements of the crime for assault. The crime requires that the act is intentional.

The act of grabbing OP definitely seems intentional, but the mental incapacity of the person may vitiate this intent, if it makes the person unable to conform his behavior to the law at the time of the act. If this is the case, the crime would be legally excused.

Would OP have been justified in using self-defense in this case? Almost certainly. But one thing that is important in labeling an act a crime is the person's mental capacity. A lot of jurisdictions might legally excuse his behavior. That being said, this is serious and hopefully the guy can correct his behavior to avoid future potential danger and avoid hurting others. 