As I just shared in another 2X thread, I often wave maniacally and grin like a looney-bin escapee and yell, as loudly as possible, "SORRY ABOUT YOUR PENIS!"

Conversely, I'll flip the bird and/or grab my crotch as thug-like as I can and say, "SUCK MY DICK," which is fun, being that I'm a lady. :)

What it all boils down to is this: People's insults only really bother us because they strike the chord of our own insecurities. Think about it. What if you were 6'0" tall, and someone drove by in a car and yelled, "God, you're really short"? Wouldn't most of us be like, "Um, pppfffft. Ha. Okay, Wingnut" and not think twice about it? Okay, well, the act of getting yelled out is startling, so I guess that part might remain. But would you obsess all day over your height? No, because by all objective and contextual measures, you're tall (especially for a woman). You'd just chalk it up to that person having an major attack of Random Oddness.

But when we secretly fear our cleavage is too ample, or our skirts or shorts are too revealing, or that we're a little plumper than society shows us is "ideal," or if we're having a rough day or are questioning are own worth (maybe something shitty happened at work), then when some complete stranger who is likely a very unkind, unpleasant person--someone we should realize we are lucky to not be or be involved with in any way--says something that touches one of our insecurities, then it hurts, or stings, or sucks. But the good news is, it can be up to us to let it bother us. I can prove it.

Who among us here has been having the most amazing day ever? Maybe you got a cancer-free diagnosis, a big promotion, got engaged, saved a life, whatever it is that would have you on Cloud 9. And then some sourpuss comes along and tries to whip out his mini-dick and piss all over our day. Maybe someone was grumbly on the bus, or some jerkwad yakking on his mobile cuts you off and then honks at you and flips you off because of it. On those wonderful days, when you feel amazing about yourself and your life--how much does that crap bother us? For me, it's never. And that's how I know I can always choose to not let what a complete and total stranger/douchenozzle's opinion of me is. (Often, since I'm a lesbian, I comfort myself with the thought of, "Heh. Whatever. You're just jealous because my wife is way hotter than anyone you could ever get.) :)

