Never once did I say that watching rape scenes in game of thrones causes people to rape.  

And I understand your point that flaying and burning people to death and such is just as fucked up.  I wonder though, how many real life people in the modern word in the US are confronted with that, daily, or have ever dealt with it.  I wonder how much psychological affect something so removed from their reality can have.  A lot of fucking people have been raped, and when they're trying to watch an otherwise amazing show, it fucking sucks to be thrown into a PTSD spiral every fifteen minutes.  Did I say they should censor all rape scenes?  No, quite the opposite; I said that a well-done show, movie, or book can deal with rape in a great and respectful way.  But when it gets to the point of gratuity, when it's all the fucking time and the plot could go on just dandy without it, and you have cameras panning in on jiggling breasts and whatnot, that's when rape is being treated as another thing to get viewers off, which is fucked up, or to simply shock them, which is lazy.  I don't have a problem with sexuality and nudity in the show (although I feel like the nudity could be more fairly gender-balanced, but that's another matter).  But I think it is in poor taste to treat it as pornographic.  And yes, not every rape scene they do is that way.  And yes, it is interesting and perhaps important to see all of the different forms rape can take.  (SOMEWHAT OF A SPOILER AHEAD) But good damn, that scene last night was deplorable and did nothing to facilitate the plot.  Licking that skull-head and having a bruised woman cowering beside some big asshole did just fine in communicating to the viewer that crowley's house had indeed turned even further into a debaucherous, rapey snake pit.  It did nothing for the plot having a woman raped from behind with her tits bouncing every which way.  And if you can't see how a scene depicting something that one in five women have experienced and even more people have had someone they care about deal with (i.e. Rape) if you can't see how that can have a deeper psychological affect than seeing someone getting their throat slit with a sword (something not even remotely common or something that many have survived through) then I don't know what to tell you. And If what happened last night is the tune of the rape scenes that are going
to be continuing in the show, they can fuck right off.  And, by the way, I did include in my comment that I will not be watching the show anymore, so your preface was pretty unnecessary.  I was simply stating my disappointment with the show and how I will not be able to continue to watch it, because otherwise the show is amazing.


Edit: and I absolutely do not see how having a problem with making rape scenes to be pornographic is slut-shaming.  I don't have a problem with pornography, I have a problem with rape (things that are not consensual rape play/fantasy, etc.) being turned into porn for the viewer.  It's fucked up. You would probably feel the same way if they had a scene where an adult was raping a child in gratuitous detail with the child's body parts offered to the viewer in a seductive way.  I don't see why this is any different.

Edit 2: clarified my first edit