I did a Reddit search on /r/all for "Mother's Day" and "Father's Day." 

Here are the top 11/12 search results for each:

[Top results for "Mother's Day"](http://imgur.com/JESdda8)

and

[Top results for "Father's Day"](http://imgur.com/jqUuEFR)

There's a big difference between the two. On the Mother's Day one, many of those top posts are "Why I hate Mother's Day," and, "I hate Mother's Day." Some aren't mean, but are still about loss & grief, like, "What do I get for my wife who just lost a pregnancy for Mother's Day?" or, "I accidentally said 'Happy Mother's Day' to someone who recently had an abortion." There's one griping about a mother at a Mother's Day work event. A couple of the top posts are reminders, but do you notice that basically none of them are celebratory *at all?*

Look at those top posts for Father's Day. It's people talking about what they learned since becoming a father. It's people talking about the best advice their dads ever gave them. One of the top posts is just someone saying, "Happy Father's Day!" One is a dad saying his Father's Day was awesome! 

There's a huge dichotomy there. I just think it sucks because, even on Mother's Day, it seems like moms can't be celebrated. Just guilted.

Edit: I just did a search for "mom" and "dad" on Reddit and found the same thing. Do the search yourself if you're interested. The top posts for "mom" are things like "Would you date a single mom?" and "My mom is moving away to be with her internet boyfriend whom she's never met," and "My mom told me this really stupid thing. What's the stupidest thing your parent ever told you?" and "What batshit things have you seen helicopter moms do?" I think there is 1 positive post on moms when you do a search for "Mom." Do a search for "Dad." Almost all of the top posts are about dad jokes. There's "What's the coolest thing your dad has ever done?" and "What's your best troll dad story?" and "What's the most badass thing your dad has done?" They're overwhelmingly positive posts. I'm just over the whole idea that moms should be punished and made to feel guilty all the time. Moms get that enough. They don't need it on Mother's Day.
