Story time! (I can't believe that I haven't told this story on reddit yet!) 

A few years ago, I was misdiagnosed with herpes by an incompetent physician's assistant, and told that it would take months for it to show up on a blood test. I doubted the diagnosis, but thinking I was doing the responsible thing (and knowing that most people with herpes don't know that they have it), I told my then-boyfriend, "I was just given this diagnosis, and I don't think it's correct... but if it is right, *I had to have gotten it from you.* No matter what, I'm not mad at you - but I just want to know for sure... so could you get tested?" 

He said ok, but then put off actually going for the test. For a solid two months, I *begged* him to get tested, and repeatedly told him that I wouldn't be mad at him no matter what; I just wanted to know the truth. I honestly wasn't mad (just worried about my health), and was afraid that if I was too confrontational, our relationship would fall apart. He seemed really uncomfortable every time I brought it up, but kept telling me that he would get around to it. He finally told me that he had gone for the test, and then a month after that (which seemed odd, because I've never had any test take that long) he told me that he had received the results, and they were positive.

I was devastated, and spent *months* coming to terms with the fact that he had given me herpes - but I tried to make the relationship work. I also diligently went in for blood tests every month. They always came back negative, but my doctor kept testing me, insisting, "if your boyfriend's test was positive, you'll seroconvert any day now." 

Then one day, my boyfriend came storming over screaming at ME that I lied to him - and hands me his *negative* test results, from blood taken *the week before.* 

Apparently he *hadn't* gotten tested when I had initially asked - he figured that my diagnosis *must* be right, and was either afraid to get tested himself, or he just couldn't be bothered. To "get me off his back," he "told me what I wanted to hear," and pretended that he had gotten tested and was positive. Then after a few months, he finally did get around to getting tested. 

Of course, when he got the negative results, rather than being relieved (my initial improbable diagnosis was wrong after all!), he assumed that *I* had lied to *him.* He accused me of having herpes all along, and lying about my history to make him think that he had given it to me. Occam's Razor and my months and months of test results shot that theory down pretty quickly. Unfortunately, the entire experience temporarily destroyed my self-esteem, and it took me several additional months to finally break up with him. (The final straw was discovering that he had actually been cheating on me the whole time! Cue another few months of anxiously waiting for test results!)

Of the many, many lessons I learned from that experience, I think the most important was that if someone is incapable of having an adult conversation about STD testing, they're not mature enough to have an adult relationship. The fact that my ex didn't get tested and share his results right away was a GLARING red flag that he was immature and untrustworthy. It shouldn't have taken me an additional year to figure that out; I should have ended the relationship immediately. In retrospect, I also realize that no amount of begging/pleading/asking nicely could have possibly convinced him to get tested sooner. He seemed so uncomfortable every time I asked him about getting tested... I should have just trusted my gut feeling that something was off, and cut my losses. (Another important lesson: apparently a run-of-the-mill yeast infection can look like herpes to the untrained eye!)

Given everything you've said about your current situation, I'm really glad to hear that you've already decided to break things off. I know that you're looking for advice on how to convince this guy to get tested and give you a copy of the results - but if your gut feeling is telling you that he's lying, I don't think there's much you can do to change his mind, *if he's actually lying to you right now.* I really hope that he's not like my ex, and that he actually acts like an adult about this. It sounds like it would be worth a shot to ask him nicely to please go to PP in person to request a copy of his results. Maybe you can even tell him that *your doctor* would like to see a copy of his results, just to know if they should start treating you for anything right now, before your can get an accurate test yourself. However, if you ask again and it still seems like he's giving you the runaround, there's nothing you can do to *force* him to follow through if he doesn't want to. In that case, my advice would be to just stop seeing him; if you're planning to part ways anyway, don't delay it because you're hoping to convince him to get you a paper copy of his results.

The fact of the matter is that you were either exposed to something or you weren't; nothing you do now can change the ultimate outcome. If he gets tested, you'll only have succeeded in getting your answer a few weeks sooner. If you ask him again and he actually goes to PP and gets a copy of the results, that's great! However, if you really think he's lying to you, and you spend the next few weeks trying to convince him to go to PP, you're only going to be torturing yourself.

I'm really sorry that you're in this situation; I know how scary it is, and how awful it feels to be waiting months for an answer. I know "cut your losses and don't obsess over his test results" probably isn't the advice that you want to hear, but it's the advice that I wish someone had given me a few years ago. It would have saved me a lot of grief. 