Absolutely!  As with most visual representations of books, we miss out on the internal narrative.

Not to open a can of worms, but I would say that the controversial scene in this season's Game of Thrones episode is a great example of how the internal narrative changes *everything*.  **In the books**, Cersei was not raped by Jaime.  End of story.  She had misgivings about the location, but she wanted him.  (And for the record, I never EVER thought I would be on this side of an argument on this topic, but it was a poorly done scene, to be sure).

Something missing from the show that drastically changes the dynamic was the regular representation of Cersei's attraction to power struggles.  It's touched on in the first season at one point, but not stated explicitly enough.  She gets off on it and Jaime knows it, due to their long-term relationship.

How often could one of our own intimate moments with a long-term partner be misconstrued if it was taken out of context?  My SO and I are heavily into a Dom/sub sexual relationship but if somebody saw one moment of that without the context of the rest of the relationship, it would be seen as degrading and abusive rather than something born of our choices and desires.

(But that's not to say that the show didn't have problems in its representation.  She definitely should have thrown a "yes!" in there, to be frank.  There were yeses in the book.)

Anyway!  Back to Katniss.  This becomes less an issue of femininity vs masculinity and more about internal monologues in visual media.  How can we do better?  How can we round out characters instead of flattening them?  What new tactics could be used?  I personally feel that the way texting was visualized in House of Cards could be pivotal in representing internal thought processes in the future.

I agree that Peeta as the DiD was fantastic and fits right in with how the world should start to see characters.  A good line from Game of Thones (can you tell I have a hobby?) is when Meera Reed speaks of her weaker brother Jojen to the wildling Osha.  "Just because they need help doesn't mean they're not worth helping."  Both characters involved were female and speaking of their weaker male counterparts. 

Am I making sense?  I feel like I'm just rambling.

Edits: Spelling/Grammar