****TL;DR: I just found out my adult teenage daughter is pregnant, though I told her to always use protection.  I'm angry, disappointed, though being supportive as much as I can be and she wants me to be with her during the procedure. She's opting for an abortion and just grateful to come across this Sub because it's now a default. ****

Wow.  Okay.. I've had a very long evening which included at the time my 1999 vehicle was starting to crap out, my 19 year old daughter called me in hysterics.  As in the past, the first question is "are you pregnant".  This time she said "Mom....." I pulled over because car was crapping out, and now I was crapping pants.    

Yep.  She is.  Saw this one coming as she confided in me that she and her boyfriend on occasion use the withdrawal method.  Time and time again I have told her.. that is NOT a form of birth control but playing 'when am I going to get pregnant' Russian roulette. 

She said that as soon as the clinic confirmed she is positive for pregnancy, she freaked out knowing "I'm not ready to have a kid right now".   I don't know her boyfriends stance, other than during the second call to her tonight, he apologized.  As a parent, and he knows I'm not really into him based on horrible first impressions, that saying sorry and now being partially responsible for this situation that could have been avoided by using condoms.... <sigh>.  To be honest, I don't care about what he thinks or feels. I'm only in this for doing what is best for my daughter and getting her through this.  If they break up over this, I have a second bedroom ready for her. 

I think we are all in agreement that abortion is the best, and right choice for her at this point in her life, where she's barely supporting herself.

She also knows from me being a long distant parent, missing out on much of her life and her siblings, and having a horrible relationship with their father, that's part of the package as (and this is where we disagree) he's not father material.

Though I didn't exactly give my three kids up for adoption, they have grown up without me being a direct part of their lives, and I can personally share being an absent mother is painful.  But at the time of the divorce, I made, what I felt was in the best interests for my children considering the difficult situation I was in at that time of the divorce, and some very difficult decisions (like moving out of state) after the divorce. 

Reading all of these comments is reassuring to me, and I wouldn't have found this thread if it wasn't for all the posts about how this is a default. 

I'll be coordinating with my daughter tomorrow as how we'll plan this out, as we're 300 miles apart.  So I either go up north to her and will be with her for the procedure, or she can come down here and spend a few days with me and do the procedure here. We are in different states so part of the decision or conversation will be comparing notes and availability. Personally, I'd love for her to come here to be a bit removed from the situation and protect her from any issues for a day or so she can get some emotional bearings back.  We'll see, I suppose. 

But I wanted to thank OP for this post because as a mother who saw this coming a mile away, how grateful I am that my daughter had enough trust in me, knowing I "told her so" but aside from my initial "WTF" reaction knowing that my more calm reaction was that "we'll get through this together.  This is the right decision for you right now, and doesn't mean you can't have a family when you are in a better situation. If you want a family, you'll have one, but now is not the time."  Mind you this bomb dropped on me is only about 6 hours old...

On the flip side, my boyfriend of nearly 11 years, one time he did get a girlfriend pregnant and he's always made it clear he never wants children....and basically he set everything up for the abortion with that girlfriend, and for them, post abortion the relationship died.  However, that was the right decision for him.  Even though he's my confidant and best friend, and being a parent, he definitely would have made a real shitty father, especially when this happened 20 years ago. 

I also did my best to explain to her that this is a hard decision and as a Mother I'm so confused, emotionally, that part of me is infuriated, disappointed, but as I said, I'll help her get through this.  If anyone has any advice as a mother to support her daughter, please feel free to share. 

