My husband works for a major video game company as a lead programmer.  There are exactly two female programmers on the very large game team he works for.  He has been there for 8+ years and there have been exactly 2 resumes from female software engineers in that time.  You can't hire what isn't applying or what doesn't exist.  I think you can look around any CompSci class in college and understand that there simply AREN'T many women in the field which then translates into there not being many women in positions of power and leadership in tech positions in game companies.  

There are many women in HR at this company in positions of power and leadership, there are many women who are artists at this company, fewer who are designers of various types, but in terms of the technical side of the industry there just aren't any female applicants even at the most basic entry levels.  But that being said, a really well established games company is not necessarily looking to hire entry level people fresh out of college unless they have some pretty spectacular game experiences aside from their schooling (making their own iPad/iPhone game is a great example in that it shows commitment and follow through despite this particular company's lack of mobile games).  

I, myself, worked in Quality Assurance (game testing) at this same company for several years before having my kids.  There were not many women there at all - maybe 50 total (and that's a generous estimate) in the entire department which grew to around 300 before I left and a lot of those 50 were in specialty testing positions (such as language testing for various locales).  In terms of women I worked with there were maybe 5-10.  That job did not require anything other than a college education and an interest in video games, coupled with a willingness to work really long hours for questionably adequate pay.  Many in the department hoped to work their way into a development job in design or art and saw QA as their foot in the door - some succeeded, some not so much. 

I was married long before I started that job and I think it helped me avoid most of the issues other (single) women faced in the department, most of which boiled down to the simple fact that their co-workers were very interested in dating a girl who liked games, but were often horribly socially inept having spent all their time playing games with other dudes.  There were definitely occasions where someone crossed the line into sexual harassment, which is a pretty relaxed line in most video game company cultures - if you can scream FUUUUUUUUUUCK at your desk at the top of your lungs and your boss is RIGHT THERE and completely supports your assessment of the FUCKED UP in-game situation and the language you used to describe it, well there's just going to be a lot more you can say without anyone getting offended!  

Anyhow, I can only say that the gaming industry is still a very young industry - nearly everyone working is 45 and under with many being between 25-30 years old.  And while being 35 myself I was in the generation that saw the first Nintendo and enjoyed all the games, not many of my female friends were playing them back in the day.  Unlike my husband and his friends who were doing NOTHING BUT PLAYING GAMES for their entire childhood... and adulthood:) So if you're super passionate about games as a kid you're much more likely to think "you know I'm going to do my best to make a career out of this" and then actually go do it.  If more women feel that way then there will be more women in the industry.  I would simply encourage women who are interested to make sure that they understand the industry and get degrees and work experience that will set them up for the jobs they want - the same advice I'd give to anyone interested in making games.  