I would recommend you continue hearing him out. You might even try some probing questions as to why he says or believes the demeaning things he says about himself. 

What I would try to change is decrease your efforts to try and convince him otherwise. I believe that's part of what's causing you this much stress. You're trying to change his mental process and you're not well equipped to do so, and also from his point of view someone asking him to stop thinking or acting a certain way isn't very helpful and can actually be frustrating.

If anything, try to point him gently into acknowledging if he's happy with his mental processes. You can still point out why you think he's not right in his assessments, but ask him what made him come to a different conclusion. A different perspective is very helpful for those who can sometimes be very negative on themselves, it reminds them the world is not all black & white.

I would then gently suggest treatment options, if he expresses a desire to change or address his negative thinking. There are many books that focus on changing your thoughts from negative to positive, basically with changing your mindset. One I've read that I found useful was this one: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B000SEHQ96/ 

It might not be his cup of tea, you know him best, but give it a look and see if it might be something that he might read. Or read it with him.

It's hard for men to seek out help, and they sometimes need a helping hand in this regard. I think it's also key that you mention a therapist/counselor relationship is very similar to a personal relationship. You have to find one that's good for you. The training or certification these individuals receive will not guarantee success, there has to be a fit. 

If you do encourage him to seek treatment (which I agree is a good course of action) make sure he goes to several therapists first. So he can choose one that has a style and approach that fits his goals and needs.

EDIT: Just another thing that occurred to me, when you do suggest he seek professional help, be clear that you'll still listen to him. That you're not pushing him away or don't want to deal with listening to him. But that your recommendation is based on your lack of training or capacity in helping him move forward and address his issues.