I was once in this guy's position and part of your descriptions of him remind me of myself (though I was not in an actual relationship when what I am thinking about happened). To summarize, a girl and I had mutual feelings for each other, but always decided against relationships because of distance (several hundred miles, which I would occasionally drive since she was still in college). I had a major function for work involving the Clintons which was going to be insufferable if I didn't have a date (I would have had to staff the event, which I had to pay for, instead of enjoying it) so I invited a girl who also worked in politics that I had been friends with since before I even knew the girl I was actually interested in. I picked her up from the train, went to the event, had dinner, and dropped her off, but she loves all forms of social media, so 10 different pictures of us went up, including on Facebook. The next day I got a 1AM Facebook message which ended up with her saying she couldn't speak to me. That absolutely broke me down. 

Anyway, enough there, what's really important is that you've already had that talk you described and that you were fortunate enough to do it in person and not via Facebook. I later had a several hour telephone call where we hashed a few more things out, but I would have much preferred to do that in person. Having parameters is very good. Personally, I think it very much helps to frame how you handle the rest of your social life in relationship to, well, your actual relationship. The clearer those parameters are, the better. I don't know if you've done this though, but what makes those parameters or guidelines really work is explaining *why* they mean something to you. If his reactions were based in the same feelings that mine were, the last thing he wants to do is hurt you. Explain why what he did hurt you and that he was being, if I had to pick an adjective, selfish. The only thing I worry about is that this incident will plant a seed of distrust on both ends. Try to avoid that, as it's just an awful feeling to have. 

I also understand not wanting to have sex for a while. I would honestly feel the same way if I was in your situation. I would say spending time together is important though. If he ever took you anywhere, or you ever went anywhere together that the both of you really enjoyed, maybe go there again. I am the same way in that I enjoy small shows of affection in public. Not even a kiss, but just holding hands or walking arm in arm. I would not cut that out of your life; if I went to hold someone's hand that I was with and they pulled away, for example, I would feel absolutely awful. It's fine that he feels bad now, but the objective shouldn't be to make him feel worse, it should be to make the two of you feel better together. Also, I probably wouldn't say anything. You say, 

> He isn't the type to show or speak about his feelings really. 

And that's me. Or, at least, when I'm not hiding behind what's basically a throwaway. The reason I was so attached to this girl is because she was the first person who actually talked to me about my feelings. You really need to break that down. When I finally started talking about these things, I definitely felt closer and more attached. 

> nothing poetic, emotional, etc. We've actually been working on that aspect of our relationship, to decent results. But I digress

I personally think this is *really* important to focus on. If I were in your position, I would want to have more talks than just the one you already had. Figuring out why you like each other will hopefully bring you closer together. You might even discover a poet (I wrote a few poems for this girl and you'd never know I could do that knowing me casually). 

I hope that this helps and that I'm not intruding by commenting here. I saw this because this sub became a default and it just really reminded me of my own experience. 