Don't try to shove his penis all in with one go if you're meeting resistance. There's probably going to be a fair amount of tightness and friction down there. Even with lube, you may end up "pushing rope" if you try to cram him in all at once. Instead, start out in missionary (him on top of you, your legs open). You may also need to put a pillow or two under your butt to get the angle right, depending on your heights and his penis size. Use your hands to line his penis up with your vaginal opening. Make sure it's right at the opening and not too high or low--I'm assuming you've explored with your hands before, but if not you'll want to do this in the days leading up to get familiar with your body. You may need to separate your lips down there with your fingers. Once he's lined up with the tip in the opening at an angle that feels comfortable to you, hold on to the base of his penis and have him gently rock his hips into you. If he only gets in partway, have him rock back a bit (but not necessarily until he comes all the way out) and do it again. He should get in a little more each time he humps. Once he gets past a certain point you may experience a sudden strange or painful sensation-- your hymen "breaking" (it actually stretches though, not breaks). This is normal and you can keep going with movement now that he's in you further. Although if you don't experience it not a big deal, since your hymen may already be stretched from other activities. 

Also, lots of good advice here about lube. I would recommend a liquid Astroglide over any gels, especially KY. Or even better, a lube that's glycerin free, since many people are allergic-- something like sliquid. Or if you're not using condoms, a lot of people rave about coconut oil or other oil lubes. I would say just have a few on hands so you can play around and try what you like-- I mean it's your honeymoon, so don't feel bad about spending money. Also keep some sensitive skin baby wipes nearby and towels to wipe up excess mess. The baby wipes are also good for cleaning either of you off after sex and will help prevent UTIs for you after you pee-- just make sure to wipe front to back.

Good luck and have fun!

EDIT: one more thing-- do your best to relax your muscles! Breathe slowly in and out and make sure you're not tensing.