I wonder if it would be enough to tell him that you'll try.  I was raised without church in an "atheist" household, but attended parochial school from 2nd - 8th.  I was also baptized, which was important for my grandparents.  There was no conflict within my household with regard to religion, but my father took some heat from my maternal grandfather from time to time, likely because it was easier than picking on his equally faithless daughter.  I think I was just as surprised as everyone else when faith found me.  It came from a feeling of being blessed, or excessively fortunate, and grew from very positive community experiences.  Also, from more selfish things.  I got the idea that I should date religious girls when I realized that my Christian friends were often marrying … above their number.  I have only dated two women for whom church was important, and the most recent is now my fiancee.  She has stated before that the issue is make or break for her.  Previously, I was dating liberal artsy types, and that's still attractive to me, but there was always the specter of conflict there with regard to children, the nature of the union, etc.  I came to realize over the years that I wanted to marry someone with traditional views, who would think my oafishness was cute.  A girl I dated previously (2 yrs actual, prob 6 yrs in love), probably traumatized me with her ideas that a relationship should be a lease that terminated every 5 years unless there were kids involved.  She dumped me and then regretted it, but I was too hurt to reengage.  Traditional sounded good after that.  

All this is to say that we are all unfinished works.  Maybe you're scared of who your boyfriend would be without religion.  My faith (attempt at) has a calming influence on my life, and I definitely focus on the positive.  We are more alike than you think though, because I've read all of the atheist books, and I struggle with faith on a daily basis.  I ignore a good deal of the dogma.  The community aspect of our society's most popular religion (Christianity) can't be beat.  Maybe it would be enough for him if you could fake it a little, but at the same time he should understand that it's a struggle for you.  I agree with those who are saying that he needs to make a bit of a concession.  At the same time, maybe try a small prayer.

My fiancee has unquestioning faith which shows up in the smallest statements.  Platypus: "I don't know what God was thinking when he made those."  I don't think she's a 6000 year earth believer, but she believes a lot more than I ever will.  That's ok though, because I know she'll always be there for me, and her faith will keep us afloat no matter what happens.  

In summary, if this is your forever relationship, keep your head up.  He's go to understand that you're not a threat to his faith, and that the idea that you're a trial is misguided.  Maybe my experience can be a path forward for you, send the kids to a parochial private school as a compromise.  My school was Episcopalian, and it was academically excellent.