When i was 23 my friends started getting engaged/married. I was looking up engagement rings. We'd discussed it and planned to get married but hadn't "officially" gotten engaged. We had several conversations along the lines of:

him: "Why are you thinking about weddings? We're not even engaged?"

Me: "Well do you want to get married?"

"Yes"

"Great. Now we're engaged."

A few months later he asked, very sweetly.

If you've been together for a long time and things are serious I think it loses that sense of urgency and there's no right moment because you've already had dozens of very similar moments. You need to strongly indicate to him that any time from now would be a good time. Talk about your friends wedding and what stuff from theirs you'd want at yours. show him rings you like. Go ahead and start making a wedding budget, you've both agreed it's going to happen at some point so it's ok to start looking at ideas.

And BE PATIENT! It's easy for us girls to lose sight of how daunting this must be for the guy. He has to get the perfect ring and make everything perfect for the perfect moment and he only gets one shot at it or you'll resent him for the rest of his life. My god, if I had that stress I'd rather stay single!

Incidentally my favourite wedding proposals are the low key off the cuff ones. My most favourite is a couple we're friends with. He kept trying to find the right moment to propose but they kept having silly little arguments or she'd change the subject to something totally unromantic. He eventually asked her while she was brushing her teeth so she could say anything. 

For mine, I'd been looking at wedding stuff for a long time, he kept avoiding the subject or making fun of me. one day he asked me to show him what sort of ring i like (I already told him I hate diamonds). I looked up the one I loved most at an on-line place that custom made jewellery (so each piece was one of a kind). He said "but you can't have that one, look it says it's sold", I said I knew but something similar is what I was thinking of. One day I came home after a long day cranky and hot, he starts talking about getting married, I snap at him because I'm not in the mood for him to make fun of me right now, so he gets down on one knee in front of the couch and opens up the exact ring I wanted. It was sold because he'd already bought it and it was in the post and he'd asked me to show him what sort of rings I like because he was starting to worry that I wouldn't like it. So go ahead and google the shit out of those engagement rings, it might just lead to one of the most memorable moments of your life :)