And I am telling you you should choose better people to communicate with. I am also a loner, not so much by choice but by circumstance (though quite happy withy how my life is) and I take this kind of judgement as "ok douchebag alert, abort mission". 

Society is not a monolith. Other people are not homogenous. Heck, you can imagine that, as a woman, I had to deal with a bunch of shit from people who think women shouldn't or can't do certain things. But I do not generalize and assume all men or all people are like this. 

I used to think like you and then I changed my entourage (not friends just people around me) and everything changed dramatically. Most of it was also growing up and not being around teenagers/under 25 year olds. But a big part was also choosing a circle of acquaintances I could occasionally have a chat with, who were not douchebags. 

But also regarding the virgin thing, I was quite a late bloomer but nobody noticed or anything. i just didn't talk about it. Why are you talking about personal stuff that concerns nobody except you and perhaps the next person you kay bring home? 

Finally you may want to analyze why people treat you like a weirdo if by any chance you are contributing to it by being awkward about social cues. I am a pretty tolerant person and I can hang out with anyone for a chat unless they are skeevy and I can tell you some people just come off weird not because of who they are (virgin, fat, geek or whatever they think) but because they just haven't learned how to make social conversation. It's a skill that you have to put active energy in and perhaps a lot of effort to compensate for innate differences. 

So a weird person is not necessarily defined by who they are but I often meet people who just break social rules such as: talk too long and not pay attention that their partner is signaling boredom, ignore personal space and sort of hover too close despite the other person signaling awkwardness by stepping back, make sailor jokes with people they are not accustomed to yet and risk alienating them, not look into people's eyes or the opposite look without wavering, which unnerves people, misinterpreting politeness for interest, talking about stuff that is too serious or personal in the context of idle chat, use too fancy words from having read too many books, use too serious topics when the audience is not receptive etc

And the reason I mention this was that, by being a loner you get like this. Rusty at human interaction. Again, I had to deal with this as most of my teen years I was pretty much isolated and depressed for other reasons. At one point I took an executive decision to learn how to be social. Not to become a social butterfly (which I hate) but for my own good. And to give an example, I had to train myself how to laugh. I had spent so many years emotionally numb that smiling to me felt like a weird grimace. Completely unconnected to the act of being happy.

And in the beginning, I was, by all intents and purposes, weird. I felt like Robinson Crusoe coming back to society. And if you yourself isolate yourself to a degree, I am guessing it is similar. But the lessons I learned were - don't tell people shit they don't have to know. I did not tell people i had no friends, was an orphan, was a virgin, etc. If they mention it, make vague sounds of approval and change the subject. They wil most likely follow your cue. Empathize as much as possible. A conversation does not happen merely on the information level. Just as important is the level of interaction. Here you exchange mild entertainment and empathy for social points. You have to cultivate being a pleasant somewhat funny and accepting persona. And people will then enjoy talking to you. After many fails I actually became a "fun person" and I am telling you it feels like a suit. It's not me, but it's something I can put  on to go out into the world. And it serves me not just for friends. By far the most important uses are for work, interviews, workplace interaction, getting paperwork done, solving problems. You may be fine with being a loner but you need this kind of skill for so much stuff.

So if you find yourself in a shitty social situation, don't accept it as final nor as general. Change it out. By the people you interact with and by yourself. 
