OH GURL. 
I shit you not, I am in *the exact* same situation. Just started dating this phenomenal guy who takes the best care of me and is just amazing in every single way. 
Yesterday, I sat down and had a huge heart to heart conversation with one of his best friends, and I told him how I felt about everything, and how I was incredibly happy, but also incredibly scared. I didn't want to get hurt again, like I had in the past. I've been abused physically, verbally, and sexually. I've been cheated. I'd been pregnant and miscarried. I've been straight up manipulated and used for sex.

Needless to say, it's been a rough ride. 

But you know what his best friend told me? 
He's not those guys. And that I needed to tell myself that every single morning when I woke up, because if something were wrong, or if something happened, he would tell me. 

I see all these girls snap-chatting him, facebooking him, commenting on his Insta, but I remind myself that I'm in the picture, and it's blatantly obvious that I'm there because I'm in so many of his posts everywhere. This girl he's known forever? Don't even worry about her. She's been sitting in the friendzone for years. 

Trusting him? I know it's hard, but sometimes, just sit there and tell yourself every morning when you wake up that so-and-so is not going to be like the others. And he won't be if you don't let him. If everything stays happy and honky-dory, you'll be happy and so will he. Sometimes you just *have* to trust them. And if they fuck up, that's on them. And you have EVERY RIGHT to bitch them out and beat the bejeezus out of them. 

Girl, I hear you, I do. I've been struggling for *years*. I'm finally hoping I can be over my little issues that I've got (because I have a shit ton and it sucks). 
But sit down and talk to him about it. Ask his best friends how they feel about you, and how they think he feels about you. Communication is key. 

I hope that makes sense, I'm at work. 
If you ever need more help, you've got me here, because I am so in your shoes right now! 

Much love, good luck!
~Badwu1f