"How should I take this?"

I think you should interpret it exactly the way you have interpreted it. We're in the realm of feelings here, there's no right or wrong about how what he says makes you feel. It makes you feel angry and ragey. That's valid.

One of the things that you mentioned that I thought was important is that you're not getting any positive feedback on your current style/manner of dress. That must suck because you seem to be quite happy with your style. That's important too. You want to feel authentic in what you wear.

In the absence of any positive feedback about how you currently dress, how his comments make you feel is understandable. Since he never compliments you on what you wear, his "suggestions" feel like critiques. How you feel makes sense to me.

On the other hand if you already had lots of affirmation from him about your current dress/look, the suggestions wouldn't feel nearly as critical since your secure in the knowledge that he already likes you as you currently are.

I don't know if you wanted any feedback on why he might be saying these things, but I think there's some good ideas already posted here:



I think there's a variety of things that could be going on here that the other posters have touched on.

1. He could be expressing a kink or desire.

2. This could be symptom of a controlling boyfriend.

3. It could be a (poorly executed) attempt at trying to bolster your body image.

(Incidentally, I'm curious how much the phrasing matters when doing this. For instance, if someone says "You would look so hot in that dress." It seems derogatory since it implies that the dress is the active agent and that it is changing you. On the other hand, if someone were to say "You would make that dress look so hot." Is that better? In that case you're the active agent making the dress hot, instead of the other way around. Thoughts anyone?)

And I'll toss out another possibility:

4. You've been together long enough that you're starting to get used to each other.

That's not necessarily bad. It's just what happens. But when it does, we start to desire a change and this might be why these statements are coming up now. That's not to say this is an indication that he wants to cheat or anything like that. This is just a challenge in long-term relationships in general. At the beginning you were each other's intoxicating drug, but now that drug isn't providing the same high that it used to. So sometimes trying something new can be useful and fun. But it should be a two-way street. Everyone needs to put in the effort.

Whatever the case actually is, it doesn't invalidate how what he's saying makes you feel. This is probably something you guys should talk about. How that talk should happen depends on your personalities. 

In the end, thanks for sharing your experience. I have to say, reading what you wrote made me wince because I used to say similar things to my wife and I still catch myself doing it (or thinking it) from time-to-time. What you wrote here was a much needed reminder that, regardless of the intention behind saying this sort of thing, this sort of statement really hurts.

Thanks again and take care!

Edit1: Sorry about the screwed up formatting. I'm still learning the ropes on Reddit.