I want to play some devil's advocate and point out why the things the police officer asked were neither insensitive, nor unnecessary, nor insinuating any slut-like attributes to your friend.

First off, your friend was traumatized. She's going to react differently to questions. Just because she felt uncomfortable by the questions doesn't mean they were intended as such.

> He asked if she was sexually active otherwise[...]

This is an extremely important question. Why? Because sometimes sex, especially rough sex, can look like rape. Likewise, sometimes rape can leave very little bruising. Knowing when she last had sex and how often she does helps in interpreting the rape kit. Why this was asked by a cop and not by the medical attendant is beyond me, however.

> asked how she knows she hadn't consented if she had been drunk,

Again, a legitimate question. The cop needs to establish that her statement is believable. Had she been too drunk, then no prosecutor in the world could use her statement as evidence. It needs to be established that she was still sober enough to correctly remember what happened. Trauma + Alcohol can lead to memories changing or completely disappearing. Had she been too dunk, in conjunction with a rape kit which may not present sufficient evidence, then the prosecution's modus operandi would have to be fundamentally different than if her statement is believable.

> asked why she didn't scream or push him off of her (she did try to push him off, but she dreams every night about it and wakes up crying at the point where she doesn't scream). 

Again, legitimately used to determine the nature of the claim. This is the type of question a defendant in court will ask as well and it is important to establish facts like these *before* a trial can even begin.

> The officer also criticized her for waiting so long to file the report...etc.

And this is surprising, why? If I wait a month to report a kidnapping then I'll be criticized for it as well. Hell, I'll probably be sent to jail for being complicit. How large do you think your time frame for a rape kit is? Or for collecting and verifying any other evidence? Rape is traumatic, yes, but waiting too long and then expecting the police to perform miracles is just stupid.

The police's job is not to coddle you or hold your hand. Yes, trauma victims are a necessary consequence of the job, but a police officer's *first* duty after a crime is to collect evidence so that a court may determine whether a crime happened. Given the sheer number of false rape accusations, I would rather a police officer ask some uncomfortable questions to a rape victim than potentially waste their time with a false claim, distracting them from pursuing actual crimes.

Please don't take our your frustration on the police. Believe me, that officer probably despises rapists as much as you do. He also sees all sorts of false claims, however. Not just false rape accusations, but bullshit theft claims, or assault charges which were fake. He's not going to be emotionally attached to everyone he meets on the job, that would devastate him.

Your friend needs help, and dwelling on a bad experience with a police officer instead of seeking *actual* help from a professional who was trained to help trauma victims won't help anybody.