I am a guy and literally been in the same position as your boyfriend has been as most of my friends seem to be getting engaged/married. I am 27 btw and my gf is 25. We have been together for over 5 years and much like you and your boyfriend, covered a lot of relationship ground like family occasions stuff. She is super supportive but every once in a while she will be too upset to talk cause she saw someone posting pictures over facebook of some epic proposal or a uber cheesy date. Not that we haven't filled our quota for sappiness and romance but other people getting hitched and married just made her think about our marriage. I found her pinterest account and if I didn't think my gf was thinking of the perfect fairy tale wedding before, I am convinced now. I was going to propose to her a lot earlier and get married this year but looking at all that just depressed me. I got a second job and now I work over time just so I can raise enough money to give her that perfect wedding that she deserves. She will never approve of my actions if she found out but I just don't want to her to look back at anything and think we cheaped out. 


There are two points to my ramble here:

Maybe your boyfriend is willing to marry you much sooner than you think he does. If you say you have talked it over then he has no reason to lie about that commitment. Maybe just maybe. he is thinking and working on that perfect occasion to pop the question and give you the wedding ceremony of your dreams. I don't know how comfortable you guys are with your expenses but for me thats the issue that makes me defer that occasion. And since its embarrassing for me, I don't even tell my gf that this is the reason why I want to get married a little later than now. Us guys have fragile egos too which we have for completely different reasons in comparison to a girl/woman. I know why I diss on the flower arrangements she showed me of her friend's wedding not cause they were tacky or lame (they were great btw) but because I felt like I have to, absolutely have to get her that for our wedding. 

This brings me to the second point. 

Please delete your facebook/pinterest/instagram/twitter/google/bing/buzz etc accounts. Well, thats a bit extreme but know to filter out the bullshit. People post so much shit on facebook because they want people to know that they are happy. Not because they are happy mind you but because they want to *people to know they are happy.* They are going to document every single fucking detail of their happy moments that you are going to end up thinking that the you drew the shortest straw in life. I read somewhere that I recall vaguely that going through someone facebook's profile is comapring someone's highlight reel to your behind-the-scenes. As you said in your post, you are happy with your boyfriend. He is sincere and you have no reason to think that he is 'dragging his feet' on this issue then you need to stop comparing yourself to others. I know of at least two different couples who married each other because they thought they were ready but winding up miserable. One didn't have their finances in order, the other rushed into it cause they thought thats what came next after moving in with each other. And believe me, there was a lot of fanfare at their weddings and for an entire month my girlfriend kept sighing at the mention of anything remotely related to weddings. 

You are going to attend 9 weddings in the next 6 months! You are going to feel somewhere between a tinge of jealousy to all the way to joker-level psychosis in all of them. Your boyfriend will too and he may or may not show it or even acknowledge it. Attend those weddings and be happy for them and remember you are happy and content with yourself and your partner. Remember how strong and special a bond you share with him and how in the grand scheme of things, a night of fancy dresses, fine wine and insincere family and friends stuffing on free food is meaningless if there is no love in your life.