For the purposes of below, assumption A: "Being taught how to measure calorie and nutrition consumption necessarily increases the probability of cutting under the starvation barrier, followed closely by anorexia and similar eating disorders."

> i know you are trying to be helpful, and i don't want this to sound terrible or sexist or condescending in any way...

You are not, you are very reasonable.

> ... but teaching middle school girls to count calories instead of a basic idea of nutrition is generally considered to be a very terrible idea.

Well, again, this has been stated. I am sure you can see, a lot of people said this. But why? I mean, outside of assuming Assumption A to be correct. (And if it is correct, where is the knowledge of it being correct coming from?)

> i am sorry again if that comes off as aggressive ...

It doesn't, in any way. Disagreements are perfectly fine and reasonable.

> ...or you get called anything by anyone here...

Thanks, but it would be laughable for me to hold you responsible for others.

> ... but this is maybe a topic you are not as well versed in as you think you may be ...

This is entirely possible. I worked in a hospital as a child nurse (i.e., a nurse that is a child, 1990s Russia, long and terrible story with child corpses), and a lot of what I had seen about eating disorders, combined with endocrine disorders, is informed by that experience. And the reason I gave this advice is because now, looking back to when I was 11 and ravenous with hunger, counting calories would have saved me untold grief. I do it now to control weight, and I think it is an invaluable tool.

And, well... it's very, very hard to believe, without serious justification, that denying information and tools is the only way to "think of the children." Again, maybe it is not, but for this, the way I see it, the above assumption has to be correct.

> ...and i am assuming you are new to this community.

About two years now. Not new at all, actually. I know what to expect, no surprises, really.

> young girls with eating disorders often keep calorie journals. do you know what those are? it is a very sad, handwritten book filled with numbers. those numbers are lists of calories of every thing they have eaten in the day. each day the number is supposed to get smaller

Yes. I have seen one that also had short-acting insulin dosages on top of that, and blood drops. Her name was Elena. And she very clearly was not taught how to do it. She is dead now, and her mother gave me a hairband.

And I genuinely don't see why the above training would not have helped her. The notion of calories or starvation barrier wasn't even taught in Russian schools at the time (and I don't think it is now). Noone taught her to keep the book, but she kept it anyway.

Similarly to how abstinence education does not prevent sex.

> teaching young girls to count calories is a bad idea.

Well, this is just repetition.

> i am sorry if you think i need sources for this or you don't believe me, but i guarantee that most nearly everyone else will tell you this as well.

I mean, you clearly don't need sources. I clearly do, since I am apparently this misinformed. Could you please provide some? I am not being sarcastic at all, but I want to see hard proof of why denying information can be a good idea, and how this is different from abstinence sex education.

> it's just common sense almost. it's just something you don't do.

When I was that age, at least for me personally, GOD I WISH someone taught me. This was a while ago, of course.

edit: Maybe specific benefits like what I think I would have received are outweighed by general disadvantages. I just want to know more about if this is true, and why.