It's more than dating someone on anti-depressants. it is accepting the person as someone who happens to deal with depression and is more than their diagnosis. And often, speaking from personal experience, that is not easy to do and the diagnosis defines me. For me, I've been medicated continuously for more than 20 years, and I am considered treatment resistant with double depression. Meaning, although meds keep me alive, I've never fully responded to them; and double depression means I go from major depressive crashes into dysthymia so I never actually come out of my depression. I did fully come out of it once, and it was at that point I realized just how much of life I have lost to depression. You'd never know it from meeting me because my actual resume seems fairly impressive- I've traveled and lived around the world, done many things on people's bucket lists, and I'm talkative and outgoing. But all during that time, even while jumping out of a plane from 14,000 ft, I've felt dead and emotionless inside. Music seems like white noise, food has no tastes, flowers have no color, and the world is like a punishment I'm forced to face every day rather than to be a part of it and really feel alive, feel human.

I'm so afraid for my future because behind closed doors, when I'm tired and don't have the energy to keep up the "normal" persona, I sleep a lot, am unable to work a full time job nor one for which I am technically qualified by my education (I have lots of cognitive impairments from the depression), and because my depression is endogenous and genetic the crashes often come hard and out of nowhere so they are unpredictable and devastating. I am not mean nor negative, I simply struggle to care for myself and each day is full of so much suffering and tears. I've been hospitalized several times, though I've never actually attempted to take my own life- oftentimes something I see as a fault that I am unable to hurt myself. 

I feel defective in many ways- the depression affects me socially, emotionally, cognitively, physically, and sexually. I have no idea how I would be able to care for children when I go through unanticipated long crashes where I am unable to care for myself even. I'd like to think we are judged not by the cards we've been dealt, but by how we play them- and in that case, I know I'm strong because I fight every day and am willing to do anything out there to try to help myself. Recently I switched to a brand new medication (I try every new one that comes out, and I'm on a cocktail of 3-5 at a time), and my body reacted badly so I have spent the last 5 weeks horribly nauseated and throwing up (the med has a long half life, and apparently my metabolism is nonexistent). I am waiting to start ECT in about two months, and have been on the waiting list for a DBS brain implant. And I've signed up for every trial under the sun, but I am often rejected given the length and severity of my depression. Like I said, I'm willing to do anything to help myself, but unfortunately not much has been able to help me. 

And ultimately, this leaves me pretty undesirable as a partner. OkCupid actually has this question on their site, "Would you date someone on anti-depressants?" and the overwhelming responses are no. And I crash as one would crash from diabetes, and I take medication as one with diabetes would require insulin, but according to most men I've encountered, that makes me "full of drama." Not to mention, I cannot work full time and I have a "job,", not a "career," and am still financially dependent on my parents at 33 (I work as much as I can even though I qualify for disability), so that makes me even more undesirable. The first question every one asks on a date is "What do you do for a living." I am a nanny, but the full honest answer is, "I am a nanny, and although I love my job, I am highly educated but am unable to hold down a job that meets my level of education because of the many problems caused by depression such as memory loss, fatigue, and brain fog. I also am only able to work part time because I am too sick, I don't make enough money to support myself and so I am financially dependent on my parents and if we would continue this relationship to the next level, my financial burden would be passed on to you. Plus I don't know if I can have kids because I often end up in states where I am too sick to even take care of myself. Oh, and I sleep a lot." Sounds appealing, huh?

If anyone is interested, I made a post a while back on here about depression- [What Do You Know About Depression](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/paeil/what_do_you_know_about_depression/), and I made two more posts filled with resources on r/depression, but they were randomly removed months later so I have to remake those sometime. 