That would be sound reasoning if most men - and yes, I do mean *most* men - actually realized when they're doing something problematic, and listened when they're being told they do. Feeling insulted when you're being told that you're being insulting/harmful to someone else is a huge problem.

Rape jokes. "I would never rape anyone!" Do you know who thinks all men *are* rapists? Rapists do. And the banalisation of rape in jokes reinforces that idea.

Unsolicited opinions on preferences of women's clothing, body shape, size of breasts, body modifications, haircut, makeup. The number of men who will acknowledge a woman's personal choices by stating their own general standards is astonishing. Why is it a problem? Because it comes from the idea that women's looks are made to please men. And don't get me wrong - both sides believe that. But women are getting annoyed, feeling insulted, and when they say so, they're dismissed as overreacting.

Elsewhere in this thread: Patrick Stewart. He is the perfect example. I'm paraphrasing here, but he'd a dedicated advocate for women's rights. "People only listen to old white men. I'm an old white man, so I'm speaking for girls and women." *THAT*. He is acknowledging three privileges - age, skin color, gender - not taking offense in it, and actually using it to help.

We don't need to be reminded that "not all men". We know this. We're not even saying that "all men". We're saying, there's this huge problem, we're in danger, and when we're talking you're not only refusing to listen by cutting the discussion short after "not all men", but you're also dismissing our experience entirely because you feel we're overreacting.

Should we be so considerate of men's egos as to pretend that they don't involuntarily perpetuate the problem, when sexual assault is a daily concern for us, when saying no gets us death threats?

We don't want *blame*, we want *change*. If men - and I'm using the word as "those who", not as "all men" - feel blamed when we say misogyny is responsible for that kind of event, what does that say about them? How have they come to personally identify with misogyny, and if they don't, why are they stopping their discussion to "it's not misogyny, and not all men"?