I had a coworker (let's call him Jay) who was a little bit sleazy and would occasionally flirt with our female customers. Luckily it didn't seem to get to the point where anyone was offended (probably helped that he was attractive), but I did tell him one day that it's probably not a good idea to flirt on the clock. He stopped but was a bit begrudging about it.

One day an older gay (relevant) man came in (late 50s early 60s). I was helping him at first, but as soon as he saw my coworker Jay, OG (for old guy) only had eyes for him.

OG was practically drooling over Jay, looking him up and down and undressing him with his eyes. He asked Jay if he likes to work out. Jay said that he works out regularly. OG asked him which gym. Jay tried to change the subject to the products we were offering. OG said that he wanted some new underwear, so Jay pointed him to that section. OG said, "Would you please pick out a pair for me? I want some that you picked out so I can think of you when I wear them."

Jay turned red as a tomato and just stopped talking. He went in the back room and didn't come out until the guy left, I ended up ringing his items for him.

Jay came out of the stockroom with a whole new perspective on life. He apologized to me (as if I represented women everywhere) for flirting with the customers, something he hadn't taken very seriously before. He also said that he would think twice before flirting with any woman ever again, even if he was out at a night club, because of how it made him feel when OG undressed him with his eyes. It made him feel bad to think back on the times when he had aggressively flirted and potentially made someone uncomfortable.

Now on to your situation: It isn't your responsibility to make this man understand *why* he has to follow the rules. It was the responsibility of the people who raised him. Failing that, it's his boss' responsibility. If he is too stupid to understand the "why" behind the rules, that's his problem. As long as he is *following* the rules, he can be an idiot inside his head if he wants to.

But, if you feel like enacting some petty revenge, you could hire a gross old guy to turn the tables on him.