(this is part 2, Im not sure I submitted them in the right order) sorry

> I see what you're saying here, and it's easy to fall into this trap. There is a very real class struggle happening in the world right now, but this does not negate the also-very-real struggle we are still fighting to see women accepted as equal people in the eyes of society and the law.

This trap huh?  The class struggle is a trap.  [The 85 richest people have as much wealth as the 3.5 BILLION poorest](http://www.forbes.com/sites/laurashin/2014/01/23/the-85-richest-people-in-the-world-have-as-much-wealth-as-the-3-5-billion-poorest/).  So thats how serious the class struggle is.  Are you saying thats how serious the gender struggle is?  What backwater shithole would I have to travel to in order to find women without all the legal rights of a man?  Theres also a struggle for mimes to be taken seriously and I admire their work but come on, billions of people are starving, mimes cant get any slack, and two white privileged women are on screen having a conversation another white affluent woman doesnt approve of.  Let me know what country hasnt extended equal rights and Ill agree those places are unfair to women.  I know they are out there and I already hate them.

> I see that you're stuck on this, and again I can see where you're coming from.

Im stuck on this because its the only thing thats freakin topical.

> No one likes to be lumped in with a generalisation and told to do something, but when it comes to something like privilege -- which we've established is something we all too often don't recognise because we're too close

What do we call someone who infers someone's knowledge and life experience based on the color of their skin or their gender (even if its for a really really really good cause)?  We call them a fucking bigot.

> In fact, given all of your responses to in this thread, it's clear that you still don't recognise your own privilege.

Once again, if you can show me some social metric where men as a whole are doing better than women as a whole (such as you did in movies with settings prior to the 1950ish) then Ill chalk it up to the great social force you make it out to be.  Until then I know someone else who doesnt recognize her privilege even when it is demonstrably true.