>You said the extensions were pretty. Why not go back to that? 

The extensions were expensive. I got them because I had been bald (cancer) and after that, while my hair was growing in, I lost 60lbs and wanted to be beautiful just once in my life. Let me explain the hair....

I put $1000 deposit down and got my hair highlighted about three weeks before my extension appointment. The deposit was so the designer could order the hair and I had a consultation where she matched my new highlighted hair before she ordered it. Then, when the day came, I spent 13 hours in the chair as she painstakingly created each weft and bonded it to my own hair. When that was done, I paid another $2400 (including tip) on my way out the door and had 22" of beautiful, blonde extensions. I immediately started getting treated *very* nicely by people - it was fun.

Sleeping on the bonds was tricky as I could certainly feel them all over my head. I had to put my hair in a loose braid every night. I had to use sulfate-free shampoo. I had to detangle religiously every day; whenever I had a free moment I would be running my hand through the bonds (gently!). I couldn't really brush it, just use a wide-toothed comb. If I wanted to brush I had to grab my hair and hold it at the crown and apply very gentle pressure. I couldn't put it up because of the bonds (no ponytails, no up-do's, only a loose braid if I wanted but it didn't really look good because of the length difference between my natural hair and the extensions). I was always paranoid the bonds would show or my natural hair wasn't "blended" enough.

After a few months, I had to get the bonds tightened. In the meantime, I would lose a weft here or there - always embarrassing to pull out a loooooong piece of hair wherever I happened to be if I was in public. 

After four months I got some length cut off to sharpen up the look and make them last a little bit longer. As my own hair grew out the de-tangling process was trickier as I had to constantly separate the bonds/hair from each other lest I get matting. I did a good job though. 

After six months it was time to take them out. I spent another six hours in the chair with two stylists using acetone to break the bonds one at a time and trying to save as much of my own hair as possible. I got a hair cut and dyed it black at the same time. That cost me $600 including tips. Total: $4000.

After I got the wefts out (and thus, the bonds) it was really nice feeling my own scalp again. Sleeping was heaven. I scratched the fuck out of my head because it was so pleasurable! I was able to wash my hair with anything I wanted. I did grieve for my hair loss though because I had been so happy with it. 

So yeah, $4000 is the main reason I don't do extensions again. I can't afford $8-12K/yr just for hair, yanno? I tried less-expensive extensions a year later (only $1200 - heh, "only") but I hated them and took them out a month later because they didn't look good, wasn't enough hair, didn't match as well, less-expertly inserted. I used to have a clip-on ponytail which was fun but not the same. I don't have enough hair to cover clip-ins and they slide out anyway because of the smoothness of my own hair - likewise I can't get any braided in either.