Congratulations! That's so exciting.

First, I would suggest checking out http://offbeatbride.com/, it's a great site with lots of creative, beautiful, frugal ideas.

Second, control the hell out of your guest list. The fewer people there are there, the less it will cost. I notice that you talk about the ceremony but not the reception - are you planning to have a dinner/lunch+celebration afterward? If so, are you planning to feed your guests (you really should, if they show up for your wedding, but you can feed them BBQ or Chipotle or whatever you want, really, but they will expect to be fed at the party). Do you plan on giving them booze? If so, try to find a venue that will allow you to bring in your own alcohol. It's way cheaper to buy wine and beer and maybe some stuff for cocktails if that's your jam at a liquor store and then return anything unopened and get the $$ back than to have to pay for the restaurant to serve their marked up wine.

Maybe if you want a reception you have a family member who belongs to a lovely old church? Their reception halls are often very affordable, like make a donation of a few hundreds bucks or whatever you can afford. Or maybe there's a beautiful campsite or meadow by the wedding location you could frolic in? String some lanterns and ribbons and pretty things around? And pray for good weather.

I can offer a lot more advice, but I think you'll do fine with the dress and the officiant and all that jazz. Offbeat Bride has lots of great personal ideas that cost nothing or next to nothing.

The real money is for any partying after, because it's expected that if your guests take the time to select a gift for you, get dressed up, travel to the location, possibly pay for a hotel, etc. you will at least supply them with hospitality in the form of a nice meal and (barring religious reasons) some booze.  Y'know? I've only heard of it done a handful of times, but when I hear of a (not clearly stated in invitation) dry wedding or a wedding where (horrors) no food is served at the reception I just think it's so odd. I mean, you don't need to do a sit down dinner but throw out some cheese dip and veggies or SOMETHING so people aren't dying of hunger.

Also elopement is always an option. And so cute.

PM if you want more specifics, I've planned several friends weddings and love logistics and budgets and such. It can be done really really nicely if you throw all the societal expectations out the window.

Also don't be surprised if older relatives of both genders start freaking out about the lack of formal invitations or beef entrees. People get super odd around weddings.