I don't think you're over-reacting. I think both of you are extremely stressed by the current situation and you are externalising it in arguments and stress responses, which is a totally normal response to a sudden increase of stress (i.e. changing jobs). Pregnancy + new financial situation rate at a 78 on the Holmes and Rahe Stress scale, which is higher than divorce, the second highest point value. http://www.mindtools.com/pages/article/newTCS_82.htm

If your husband is analytical, show him this scale and point out the amount of stress you guys are under. Explain that you need to try and "reset" since you've gotten into a big downward spiral, and ask if both of you can commit to : being empathetic rather than defensive; communicating when the impulse is to shut down; and whispering instead of yelling.

Look up some information on "I" statements with your husband. Agree to use only "I statements" when addressing grievances. I statements completely circumnavigate blame and accusations, so allow for a framework where each person expresses their needs and feelings, rather than accusing or blaming. It is so powerful.

More than anything else, this has been a powerful tool for me when dealing with my husband's reactions to my feelings - he tends to shut down, get defensive, etc. because he comes from a household where problems are not discussed and people don't bring up grievances unless they want to get into a fight. 

For example, if he hasn't taken the trash out, I will not say "You haven't taken the trash out". I say, "I noticed that the trash is not taken out. I feel very overwhelmed at the moment and it makes it hard for me when household tasks aren't completed. When you don't complete your household tasks, I feel overwhelmed and like I cannot rely on you in this difficult time."

Because my husband has used a lot of "I statements" before, he might respond like this:

"I am sorry that I didn't take the trash out. I feel very tired and unhappy lately, and I guess I couldn't summon the energy to take the trash out today. I felt like I just wanted to sit on my computer. I'm sorry."

And I would say "I'm sorry you feel so bad. I want to help you to feel better, but it is still really hard on me when I find that the household chores haven't been done. What can we do to fix this?"

Obviously that is very idealised, but it is actually pretty close to how it happens when we both remember to use only "I statements" - whereas previously we might have had a fight about the issue.

"You didn't take the trash out! Do I have to do everything?"
"I'm tired! Get off my back" etc.

Now, obviously your husband or yourself may not be immediately as skilled in using "I statements", so it will take time to build up to having this kind of discussing, but just beginning to use only I statements during conflict should quickly show an effect on the tensions and atmosphere of having a "fight".

If both people focus on using "I statements", there is very little chance that the argument will blow up. 

Good luck!