For some background - I got out of a serious relationship almost 9 months ago now, and recently came back from a semester abroad which included a fair share of traveling, a chunk of which was solo. 

This was an excellent opportunity for me to discover myself as a person, reflect on my life and choices, and just personally better myself as a human being. I'd read the same advice as you just gave only in different words, over and over from different people all over reddit. I was determined to make the best of my situation, learn as much as I could, and most importantly, learn to love myself and being by myself. The relationship I was in was the one, or so I thought. So there was a fair bit of a task cut out for me - and I was ready for it!

So off I went with my backpack, really proud of myself for undertaking such an activity. I was as excited about discovering myself as I was about discovering the world. However, every place I went to I felt like something was missing. However much hard I tried to enjoy the landscape or the meal, I felt an indescribable feeling in the hollow of my chest.

I didn't want to accept it, not even to myself, but I had the same feeling as OP did - that it would be better if I had someone to share this with. Not necessarily an SO, but only maybe just a friend, just someone. I felt like maybe something was wrong with me, that I was somehow broken because I couldn't enjoy completely by my only self. I still haven't shared this with anyone IRL. 

I've tried taking up hobbies, I love reading, and I just generally am really comfortable being alone. But there's always a small nagging feeling somewhere down in the pits that this could somehow be better if I could share it with another person. 

I'm not trying to discredit what you said, it might work wonderfully for many people. But it hasn't worked for me. And I just don't know what to do. The more I realise this, the more difficult it gets for me. I don't want a relationship to define me - neither of the romantic variety, nor platonic. But I've felt like this since before I was in this relationship that ended. So, I'm kinda lost on what to do that might actually work. 

To OP - I'm sorry I can't help you much. But I wish you are able to help yourself feel not like this. :)

I'm sorry for the wall of text or any errors, I'm on my phone. 