a) please put the citation in the first comment where you make this assertion :) It makes it easier to read.

b) This says:    
>Female soldiers will ensure their hair is neatly groomed, that the length and bulk of the hair are not excessive, and that the hair does not present a ragged, unkempt, or extreme appearance. Likewise, trendy styles that result in shaved portions of the scalp (other than the neckline) or designs cut into the hair are prohibited. Females may wear braids and cornrows as long as the braided style is conservative, the braids and cornrows lie snugly on the head, and any holding devices comply with the standards. Dreadlocks (unkempt, twisted, matted individual parts of hair) are prohibited in uniform or in civilian clothes on duty. 

that cornrows are okay and that shaved heads are fine, just not *partially* shaved heads. I'm now confused. [So I looked up the March 31 2014 policies here.](http://armypubs.army.mil/epubs/pdf/r670_1.pdf)

>Males are not authorized to wear braids, cornrows, or dreadlocks (unkempt, twisted, matted, individual parts of hair) while in uniform, or in civilian clothes on duty.

That does seem problematic, racially, if men without kinky hair are allowed similar lengths. For women, haircuts "may not interfere with the wear of all" seem to be the most important thing. Shaved heads don't seem to be a problem, just "[f]addish and exaggerated styles, to include shaved portions of the scalp other than the neckline".

Then it gets specific:

> Examples of hairstyles considered to be faddish or exaggerated and thus not authorized for wear while in
uniform, or in civilian clothes on duty, include, but are not limited to, locks and twists (not including French rolls/
twists or corn rows); hair sculpting (eccentric directional flow, twists, texture, or spiking); buns or braids with loose
hair extending at the end; multiple braids not braided in a straight line; hair styles with severe angles; and loose
unsecured hair (not to include bangs) when medium and long hair are worn up....    
Cornrows are defined as hair rolled (not twisted using two strands) or braided closely to the scalp
producing a continuous, raised row of hair. When worn, cornrows must be of uniform dimension, small in diameter
(approximately 1⁄4 inch), show no more than 1/8 inch of scalp between the cornrows and must be tightly rolled or
braided to present a neat, professional, well-groomed appearance

I agree that this policy is problematic for women of color and people with kinky hair. Stories like this are not okay:

>“I remember thinking, ‘What on earth am I going to do with my hair?’ ” she said of her locks, which she keeps in two-strand twists that are now banned. Her only remaining options, she said, would be to have tiny cornrows, chemically straighten her hair, or get a weave or wig. She recalled deploying in Iraq in 2008 and 2009 with a woman who kept redoing her cornrows to make them neat and small enough to fit Army regulations, and “by the time we got back her hairline had receded an inch.”

A lack of women of color on whatever panel decided these regs seems to be a distinct problem. 