> Of course attractive women benefit in some cases. That's not the point when we're talking about why men have it even better. If you want to talk about white male privilege, we need to at least try to have an honest conversation about it.

The women are wonderful effect is independent of women being attractive or not.  Can you cite some study, like I have done, that shows that men have it better because people view them more positively over men?  Because that sounds quite a bit like what privilege would be if it were an empirical phenomenon.  But since its not, do you have some evidence of it in action...such as do we live longer?  Do we have preference in education such that we graduate in greater numbers than women?  Do we have have shorter sentences and more likely to have those sentences commuted than women so that we arent incarcerated in greater numbers?  Do we have reproductive rights instead of reproductive responsibilities?  Do we have job preference such that we die on the job less than women? Are we less likely to be homeless than women?  Do we have the right to bodily autonomy at birth instead of women?  

Help me out here.  If privilege was real and it was so large a social force as to warrant discussion what measurable social index would I see it?  Because from where Im sitting if you want to maximize your chance of not falling in the cracks of society and being completely forgotten or dieing early or being maimed on the job or being incarcerated or being mutilated as a baby, etc and so on, you should probably be born a woman.  Do you have a different interpretation?

> Aside from that, the woman isn't the one with the "sole reproductive choice" she's the one being forced to carry a life-threatening parasite. She's not deciding on your reproductive options, she's exercising bodily autonomy.

This is true enough but carrying the "parasite" does grant her absolute reproductive choice.  If she had the same reproductive options a man had then it would be truely oppressive.

> I don't even know what this means. They make up 51% of the population, and the fact that pundits constantly refer to "women" like they're all one big amorphous, single-issue blob does not make that the case. If a politician wants to appeal to women, she has to work for their votes like the other 49%: by appealing to their hopes, dreams, and interests. You make it sound like all women vote the same way which is just ridiculous, even for an MRA.

Youre right.  There are more women, there are more women voters, and women have higher turnout than men in most elections but they are not a unified bloc, that was not the correct term.  If a politician wants to appeal to them then she must appeal to them as individuals.  But if a someone wants to appeal to men as a group, she can give them a required reading list.  Im with you.  What does "even for an MRA" mean in this context?

> I see what you're trying to say here, but you're missing the key ingredient, which is centuries of systemic, cultural oppression. The ban on women isn't simply rules for a private club, it's a ban that prevents any woman from stepping on the peninsula that was erected by the church and has been state-sanctioned for 965 years. Imagine a similar ban applied to any other group and you realise how absurd this is.

Were men also oppressed under this centuries of systemic, cultural oppression?  If so then what does it bring to the discussion?  In the past people were oppressed,  I get that.  There are religions today that still practice gender roles.  Do gender roles restrict just one gender or both?  I never really got the point you were trying to make about the peninsula in Greece.  Is that the extent of male privilege that I can join a religious order and get to live on a peninsula in Greece with fellow kooks?  Or is it that there are places in the world I can go but women cant because of my gender?  We have those here, they're women's bathrooms.  WOmen can use them regardless of religious affiliation.  Its not a point of contention.

> Again, you're missing the point. This is what's typically called a "what about teh menz" argument. The fact that something sucks for you doesn't not mean that it doesn't suck for women. But you're right, I could have picked a more black & white argument like job security, political power, cultural influence, harassment, and ooh, rape culture. Are you telling me that when you see the world, you don't see how biased it is toward helping us Win All The Things?

Is a "what about teh menz" argument designed to promote truth and equality or is it a silencing tactic?  Domestic violence doesnt suck for me, it doesnt suck for any group by gender, thats my point.  Domestic violence is a human being problem.  It should be referred to as a "what about teh humanz" argument.  It makes little sense to see that everyone is hurt by a problem and then choose to focus on only helping one group because of their genitalia or skin color or anything else for that matter.  In fact, thats really quite bigoted.

What about job security is not to women's favor to the extent that it is to a man's?  I havent heard that one.  

We covered political power; there are more women voters.  You can say they dont wield it as a bloc and thats fair, but I dont think its fair to come back two paragraphs later and say that a minority of voting men do wield theirs as a bloc.  Has there been alot of legislation recently designed spefically to improve the lot of men especially at the expense of women? 

Im not sure what you mean by cultural influence.  Are women not creating, disseminating, and consuming culture?  Is culture being so much more worse to women than men that this is a specifically gendered problem?

Are men not harassed?  I think even in rape culture youll find theres almost as many male victims of rape as female if you use a more robust definition of rape (such as sex without consent).  [I actually made a post about this disingenuous use of statistics and definitions in mensrights, which apparently is like dancing with the devil in here](http://www.reddit.com/r/MensRights/comments/1khu6r/the_difference_between_rape_victimization_rates/).  If rape culture is the systemic normalization of rape, the trivialization of rape, the ignoring the occurrence of rape then I really fail to see how youre going to claim a monopoly on it.  TO me this is another human problem and not a gendered problem.

> Are you telling me that when you see the world, you don't see how biased it is toward helping us Win All The Things?

Apparently we read different social numbers.  I dont see men winning in any of the things.  But I do see a few men (and women) who already had all the things, having even more of them.  I refer to this as a class struggle and it used to be something men and women fought against instead of fighting each other.

> Seriously, I've seen female artists and software developers berated publicly simply for being female. I've had my boss, look me right in the eye and say: "I don't know about hiring her, she looks just about the right age to be having kids soon". The hypocrisy is astounding and you think that this is all perfectly balanced? Take a minute to think about it honestly would you?

I think its already illegal to discriminate against you in that fashion.  If that happened you should report him or her.  Since HR is predominantly women though Im a little curious how often this scenario could really be playing out.

> No one proposed a law, suggested a rule applied to schools or anything even remotely as idiotic, and to take offence to it like this is really approaching a victim complex.

I must have misspoke when I said I was offended.  Regardless....  can you think of anything you would be willing to go on record as advocating a group delineated by their sex and/or their gender should read?  or are straight white men the only group anywhere that really need to read anything?  Because thats REALLY the only question I was hoping you would answer.
