may i address these out of order, and rather in the order of importance i feel exists?  
  
3. (3) it sounds like a lot of factors were at play in your relationship with your ex. the story you relayed was *one example* of a time that you felt uncomfortable, so IF you feel the issue is unresolved, or it comes up again, remind your boyfriend of this. the relationship itself was problematic, but it is in the past and that's where you'd prefer to leave its issues. you trust and love your boyfriend, or whatever reassurance you feel and wish to convey.  
  
1. (1) ogling is inappropriate and disrespectful, and an unfortunate reality for many people. but don't let yourself feel victimized by it; enjoy your life! there's just no reason to pay the idiots who engage in that behavior any attention. help them learn that they don't deserve the time of day from anyone they elect to objectify. the next time anything like that happens, discretely move. if it's a ticketed seating situation, and the behavior escalates from looking, find a customer service rep and speak up.  
  
2. (2) you are likely able to admit now that you little vigilantes didn't pursue justice in its most noble form by attacking a defenseless person. you were and are entitled to take issue with what that boy did to you. but you went from taking issue with the physical boundary he crossed... directly to crossing a physical boundary. if you know now that you would handle the same situation better, acknowledge as much.  
  
it sounds like in all of these scenarios, you are fighting with feelings while your boyfriend fights with logic. you may disagree in principle, but my takeaway is that he has not paused to truly imagine what those scenarios must feel like for you, and your feelings rise to the surface and leave you too raw to step back and address the issues from a purely objective standpoint, as he seems to be doing. there may not be any real fight at all, you're just speaking mandarin and he's speaking portuguese. 