Is the life you want to live the one where "Without your PhD you have nothing!" is accurate?  Because that is sad.

I'm a guy - a guy who gave up the career he loved (in video games) right after accepting a huge promotion that would have "made" my career.  I did it because my girlfriend, who had had to go back to her home country, asked me to end the long-distance deal and support here while she finished her engineering degree.  So I did.  I figured she was once in a life-time, but another job and another paycheck was always something I could find (partially, but not wholly true!)

I deeply regret leaving my career, and it hurts like hell watching old friends who now have 7+ years on me in the field mounting to interesting and respected positions.  Director of Development.  Lead Programmer.  Design Coordinator.  I'd be 40 before I ever got to one of those, now.  40.

And, I just tried to go back to my career...and I loved it, again!  And it didn't work out.  Somebody needs to stay with the baby because leaving her at daycare 10 hours a day is *not* okay, even though her daycare is awesome.

I love my daughter to oblivion, I can't describe how much - but as much I am passionate about her, I still have a desperate, scrabbling need to feel productive and feel successful.  I have, and have had, a absurdly hard time filling that need with the choices I've made.  

But I also learned I don't *need* a career.  I don't *need* things now.  I've pursued my interests on my own and found it, in many ways, to be better than doing it in academia or industry.  And, I found that I didn't have to follow the standard path - but that I could find my own, and build one that worked for me and the things that I wanted to incorporate into my life - which meant family.  Why can't I have BOTH?  Well...I can - you can - you just have to balance them.

...anyway.

If he's committed to you, go for it.  You can always finish the PhD later.  Or, you can always get a Master's, get a job, go into industry.  You'll pay your bills and live your life.  And honestly, at the end of the day - that is, when you're on your death bed and looking back - following your heart and living your life, good and bad, will be worth far more than the degree.

Worst case scenario you'll have a story to tell your grand-kids, you left your PhD, chased a guy, it didn't work out - but hey, here we are!  Boy that was tough times, but I got through it.  Isn't life interesting.  OR...and that's how I married your dad --- or of course...finish the PhD, and simply remember your regret instead.