This sounds horribly frustrating. A couple thoughts - it is normal to be protective of our friends especially when we hear about things/people they are struggling with. But we can never be inside of someone else's relationship so sometimes it is important to realize we may only ever hear the complaints but those negative things may be actually only a fraction of what is going on in the relationship. (I had to ask a friend of mine to tell me some good stuff about her bf once, who I was seriously disliking... but I realized there was a lot she & I didn't talk about, so I was probably missing some of the good stuff.)
Secondly - nothing you said here seems to indicate this guy is dangerous. Anxiety/depression do not predispose people to violence - more likely holing up in the house and isolating. Which brings up the point - this guy is ill. There is a lot of stigma about mental illness but it can be treated and while it can be amazingly frustrating to cope with for not only the person with the illness but the relationships around them - it does not make us (yes, me too) bad people. There's a lot of hate in this for someone who is struggling with his health - and while you might also be frustrated for a friend who was overwhelmed dealing with a partner with a physically disability, it might be easier to have some compassion for both people and what they are dealing with if you could SEE it.
Your friend can't make her bf seek treatment - although that would probably be awesome, but she can learn more about how to support someone who struggles with mental health issues, and what it means in relationship to her. It would totally be beneficial for her to talk to a counselor. We can only lean on our friends/partners so much - sometimes we gotta talk to someone whose job it is to give us some advice, and who isn't emotionally invested. 
People might have talked any number of my bf's out of staying with me based on the fact that I have struggled with anxiety in the long term and this can be hard. Luckily for me - there has been a lot of compassion mixed in with the frustration, and I have been supported in becoming healthier and happy. That's certainly not all there is to me... and I'm guessing, this guy.
