It's an interesting question. I've seen arguments that it's the "no women on the internet" meme, but [the pew center showed reddit was the only site they measured that was more likely to have men than women](http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2013/09/12/its-a-womans-social-media-world/).

15% of men 18-29 use reddit, compared to 5% of women in the same age bracket. Another interesting statistic. My personal guess, and it's just a guess, would probably be the link between the number of male users, and the user generated nature of reddit. More men are users, and so they create more things that interest them. 

Reddits upvote system also means that posts which appeal to the lowest common denominator is usually the highest rated, and the lowest common denominator amongst a large group of 18-29 year olds probably isn't going to be a nuanced discussion on gender roles. It's going to be things far more unpleasant.

So I think this default subreddit change is reddit admins trying to attack that. We not only saw 2xc made a default, but adviceanimals lose it.  Adviceanimals was a dumb subreddit that highlighted the worst of reddit.

Women logging onto the reddit for the first time, and I can only theorise here so please tell me if i'm wrong, but I imagine that many of you joined reddit despite things. Despite the jokes about making a sandwich, despite every woman who ended up in a picture of something being hit on or called an attention whore. Actively ignoring a lot of things to get to the good stuff. I know even as a man, I made an account to unsub from some of the ridiculous defaults. 

So what it comes down to, is that reddit isn't particularly welcoming to women. It's a male dominated space on the internet, filled with young men, 9% of the users haven't completed high school. It requires (or required) women looking for a more comfortable and enjoyable experience to get past the crap of places like /r/funny and r/adviceanimals, and really search for the good subreddits. And I imagine many of them just don't bother. So these default changes are an attempt to change that experience, and thus change the demographics. We'll see if it works.