>  from your comment it is difficult to tell if the comments people were making were feminist and promoting gender equality or not.

Oh wow.  I have a serious problem with this statement.  There seems to be an attitude among some feminists that "I'm not even going to have a conversation with you unless you start off by accepting that I'm right."  

No. It shouldn't matter if somebody's comments are "feminist" or "promote gender equality." If somebody makes a comment that is true, it should be accepted.  If a person says "not all men rape" that statement is true and should be accepted, even if that person is not a feminist. 

> If the writing is about someone's personal experience or a phenomena (male privilege, rape culture, the patriarchy, etc...) the fact that not all men are like that is totally irrelevant to the conversation. 

No it's actually extremely relevant.  If a person says "I was robbed by a black guy, so therefore all black guys are muggers" that statement should be condemned as wrong and bigoted. It makes no difference if men do something.  Even if 99% of men rape (which they do not), it is still unfair and sexist to say "men rape."  Because "men" do not rape.  A certain percentage of men rape.  And if feminists are serious about spreading their message (as opposed to just yelling at people), they should be very careful about their language. 

> For example, if someone is discussing the fact that men take less responsibility for caregiving of the elderly, saying that some men do holds the same weight as anecdotal evidence and paints the feminist as the bigot.

Once again, men should not be generalized.  It's wrong to say "men take less responsibility for caregiving of the elderly."  Some men do, some men don't.  Even if men overall were less likely to take care of the elderly, saying that "men take less responsibility" is a bigoted and sexist thing to say.

> I read a lot of feminist writing and rarely, if ever, have I seen anything saying that every single man on earth is a certain way. 

There are a lot of blogs and other forums, written by lesser-educated feminists, that regularly use terms like "men" or "white men" in a broad, general sense. If you ignore that this happens a lot, you are being disingenuous.  

> It allows for a man to feel no social responsibility towards the issue of gender inequality. 

This goes back to "I won't talk to you unless you're a feminist" thing. 

> Feminist speak to phenomena and men respond by pointing out exceptions to rule as if this a valid counter-argument.

Wow, you just generalized "feminists" and "men."  Do you realize how intellectually un-sound that is??  