No, not at all.  I'm not just talking about direct encounters, I'm talking about things I've seen written and said in the media, on the 'net, etc.  Indeed, for one of my years at uni, I shared a house with a few lesbian feminists.  Some people would automatically claim that lesbians are amongst the "worst" feminists.  Actually I liked them and considered them friends, and am disappointed that we never kept in touch.  We never had any disagreements about feminism.

I don't have a problem with the concept that women have (or should have) exactly the same rights as men, which is what I call feminism.  The issue I have is with people who claim that women have *different* rights, under the banner of feminism.  Whichever gender it favours, and however you justify it, that is discrimination and inequality.  That is just an alien concept to me.  Human rights are universal, and cannot be sub-divided into subsets, whether it's male/female, black/white, or blonde/brunette/ginger/marge simpson.  True feminism is not about *different* rights, it is an acknowledgement that there are times and places where women are denied *equal* rights, and *are* discriminated against, and an expression that this must be redressed.

To talk about "women's" rights (or for that matter, "black" rights, or "blonde" rights, or <category X> rights) is divisive.  People should only ever speak of human rights.  Anybody who makes that distinction clearly has an agenda, otherwise that distinction is redundant.

When I *am* involved in the conversation, or observing someone else's conversation, I find that some people continue to try and make that distinction.  When someone says that gender should not be a factor in making a decision, they start to become very defensive, as if one *should* be discriminating between men and women.  The irony is that whilst I personally do not even take gender (or race, or hair colour) into consideration when considering my position on human rights, there are some people who claim to be feminists, who *insist* on making that distinction, and often they become very defensive when someone refuses to accept that women have *different* rights.  In doing so, they reveal themselves to be prejudiced, and in possession of an agenda .... and those are the people I dislike.

Someone who truly believes that all people are equal should not even be able to comprehend an attempt to make a distinction, on any criteria, as that criteria is entirely redundant and does not affect the decision.

Edit: slight rephrase