First off let me say I’m a guy who got my now ex wife pregnant at 17 and I am now 28 and successful. Additionally I in no way, shape, or form regret having my daughter but I was blind to the real world and failed to understand what it would take. The first thing you do is you need to face the facts, which are as follows: Your life is now not on track it is the furthest from the track, all your nursing plans are shot (for at least a few years and by few I mean 3-4), you’re probably going to lose your job before you have the baby and from the sound of it you’re going raise the kid alone and live with your parents (for a while). You need to understand that you will not be able to go to school, raise a child and support yourself completely alone, at least for the first few years. Believing you can do this is 100% impractical and your age and more importantly your income, You WILL need support from either the baby’s father or your parents. You should also think about the amount of stress you're about to put on your parents. I’m willing to bet they haven’t had a baby in the house for quite some time and probably didn’t plan on it anytime soon. Your parents have lives of their own and the support you are requesting, while it may be given freely at first, watching the baby for you every single day will become a nuisance to them at some point.
Now if you were able to swallow that and you still want to have a baby at your age this is how my ex-wife and I made it through. Remember she though she did have it 100% easier than you because she had me there actually supporting her. Now like I said we were 17, it was a week before Halloween in our senior year when she told me. We were both working, but I immediately took a full time night job so I could go to school at the same time. We saved all of our money until the baby was born, we had to live with my mother for 1 month after she was born which was one month after high-school. Luckily she was still covered under her guardians insurance or that would have been a 20-30k hospital bill as well(we had to spend extended time because of severe Jaundice). By this time I was working 2 jobs 7 days a week while my wife was at home with my child. I slept maybe 5hrs a night if I was lucky. My wife was having issues growing up and still wanted to party with her friends<----This right here cannot happen to you, you must focus and realize you’re going to miss out on 2-3yrs of having fun with friends. I soon realized my life was going nowhere I wanted to go ….soooo I did my research and decided to join the military. I had to wait 7-8 months to get in while still working 2 jobs, I don’t know how much longer I could of worked 2 jobs like I was, I had only been doing it about a year but it was hell. I got a great job in the military that could easily translate to the outside world, and while I missed a lot of bdays/xmas/holidays my daughter now has a better life than I ever did growing up. I only hope when she gets older she forgives me for not being around as much because I did whatever I had to do to ensure she would have more opportunity’s than I ever had. You must be willing to sacrifice everything you ever wanted in the name of your child or you shouldn’t have one IMO. You may not need to sacrifice everything but the possibility will always exist. I really hope your On/Off again BF isn’t a moron, for your baby’s’ sake.  
