Yeah teachers and schools have become very bad places for kids lately, here is an example from our school district. The teacher of a 5 grade class leaves the room to go make copies (already bad choice) and while he/she is gone this kid starts choking a girl in the class another girl tries to get him off and succeed then the boy punches her and goes back to choking then the boy is stopped by some more kids and then says he is going to kill everyone in the class. The teacher comes back the boy and two girls go to the office start explaining everything yada yada then on the bus home (don't know why he wasn't sent home immediately) he says he is going to kill them all again and especially one of the girls who is my neighbor. So our neighbors call in to the school and ask if anything is being done to protect their daughter and take this kid out from the kids the school acts like my neighbors are crazy and over reacting and tell them they will handle it. So then the next day the school administration talks with the class and tells them its their fault for making this a big deal for telling their parents and everything and that they can't tell their own fucking parents what is going on,  now the kids won't tell their parents what is going on. Like where does the school have the authority to tell kids to not tell their parents what is going on, the school is handling this in the worst way possible. Another great example is my mom works inside the classrooms as a reading aide helping slower reading kids in a small group so she was in a first grade class and she over hears the teacher yelling at a kid my mom looks over and sees the teacher just laying into this kid screaming at him this is one of the things she was saying, "you are the laziest kid ever doesn't anyone at your house care about you or love you?!" This goes on for about 3 minutes my mom says then the teacher sends the kid in the hall my mom said she was in shock if she would've said anything to the teacher she most likely would've lost her job. So she reports it to her boss and her boss tells the principal and you know what happens nothing no suspension no investigating to ask the kid if he was okay and if this happened she just got away with it and this isn't the first time she was reported being mean to young students. Schools these days are just garbage ten year or whatever it is, is just ruining teaching and the teachers union those two make it basically impossible for teachers to get fired so they can say/do whatever they like basically, plus all the old crap teachers the can't teach anymore are safe so new more capable and willing teachers can't take their places.