There's being ready for sex, and there's being ready for the fallout of sex and those are two different things.

Is she ready for what happens when her boyfriend dumps her? She's going to feel a lot more emotional about it, and he will because she's 13 and nobody marries who they dated at that age.

There's the issue of bullying. Whoever she's with? Probably going to tell all his friends about it. Her reputation's going to hurt. I had that happen to a friend when I was 13. For all it's an unfair double standard, it exists and she has to deal with it. While you can talk about how it's unfair, you can bring up how you're worried they're going to get nastier. Why do they think she's a slut? Did they head stuff from her, or did they hear it from him?

You might want to say rather than wait until marriage, that she should wait until she's 16 or 17 because she'll be able to handle the fallout and feelings better. That's not as redic as waiting until marriage, it's in the foreseeable future and it's not over something as abstract as religion. 

Bring up the bad feelings she had with her last ex. Did she have a hard time coping? 

Is he pressuring her? (Ugh I hate asking that but it's worth asking, because wanting sex because she wants sex, and wanting sex to keep her BF are two very different things).

The few girls I knew who were getting up to sexy stuff at 13 had issues and I feel like such a sexist douche saying that (I will say, though, the boys who were having sex at 13-14 were drinking and doing drugs so the having sex early and having issues thing is not something I limit to girls). Not that sex gave them issues, but that the rumours around sex they weren't prepared to deal with gave them issues, or they were having sex because of their parents weren't involved and they were dating much older guys. It might also be worth seeing if more is going on in her life than just wanting to have sex, maybe she needs a bout of therapy or family counselling to smooth over her relationship with her parents or deal with the bullying.