I don't know if this comment will be seen, but I just wanted to say how proud not only we are of you, but everyone in your life is of you! Taking that 1st step away from an abusive relationship is a HUGE step forward. Long story short, I was in an extremely physically/emotionally abusive relationship for 5 years, he was put in prison for 3 years, and I was granted a permanent protection (restraining) order. 

Getting a restraining order is not easy, but due to the situation I was in when I called the police it was granted fairly easily to me. In the police station I also printed out a few of the countless emails & facebook messages he had sent me. Please go through your email and phone records and compile anything you can so that you are ready when the time comes. Voice mails, multiple phone calls. I had 97 missed calls that I was able to print from my phone records and give to the police. You may not have the physical proof they want, but you must have some form of written proof somewhere! 

Don't forget that amazing feeling of freedom. Don't be embarrassed to ask your friends and family for help. After I had broken up with my ex and refused to see him, he went to my house, my job, my friends houses and said absolutely terrible things about me to everyone I knew. I was mortified, but everyone understood my situation and was so supportive. My parents and I have a stronger relationship now because of what we went through. I hopped from friends house to friends house for months in fear of going home. I completely understand your fear of seeing him again. For your own piece of mind and safety, you need to find a place to live that he does not know. If possible, even find a new job. Honestly, it may be difficult but it is a life change for the better.

Know that none of the abuse was your fault! Take this as a learning experience. You know the red flags, you now know when to draw the line. Find relief that you are now a stronger person for this, and you will never allow yourself to be put in that situation ever again. Feel empowered! You survived! Please take those extra steps for your safety and remember, the next time you call the police (if necessary, but hopefully not) your case is now that much stronger. Have a paper trail. You will win.