Uteruses are part of the reproductive system. Typically, people do not discuss sex or reproductive parts or even most internal parts in a professional setting. I know /r/TwoXChromosomes is super sex-positive, but I think we can also agree that there are certain boundaries for work. You should be able to wear whatever you want without harassment! But you should also know that it is considered inappropriate to wear short shorts and a cropped top to an office setting. I don't think that holding this two opinions simultaneously is hypocritical.

Our society has agreed upon certain body parts that are allowed to be remarked upon in a professional environment, and the large majority of these are external. 

For instance, you may say "my back hurts," or "my head hurts." I would put "my stomach hurts" in that category too, used in this case as a catch-all term for the front part of your torso (as in "lying on your stomach," for instance).

There are a few internal parts we can comment on too. For example, "my throat hurts" is acceptable.

Most internal things, whether or not they are gendered, are not considered polite to remark on. Ex: "my urethra hurts," would be considered weird to say in most companies. For other things, you're expected to group it into something acceptable. Ex: "my upper intestine is kind of gassy, and it's causing me discomfort" is expected to be described instead as "my stomach hurts." "My stomach hurts" is also code for afflictions like "I really can't be more than one minute away from a bathroom at any time because I am violently expelling diarrhea from my anus at frequent and unpredictable intervals."

I know I'm supposed to get all up in arms about this totally normal part of a woman's body being considered "dirty" but honestly, I would find it inappropriate if a female colleague (that I didn't count as a friend) started talking about her uterus. I would find it inappropriate if a male colleague (that I didn't count as a friend) started discussing his prostate exam around the water cooler.

EDIT: And this is coming from someone who *loves* her IUD and will practically proselytize it at any appropriate opportunity.