Who is to say your definition of slut is any more correct than mine? I rarely if ever have heard someone call women who dress up nice and dance sluts. 

Again, I think it is a stretch to say slut is used to take power away from their sexuality or her. I think it's a rude thing to say but I don't thing everybody who says the word slut has those motives behind it, they're being an asshole but I wouldn't say its in the realm of power struggles and all that.

I used a male dominated activity because you were saying people who slut shamed hated women and their sexuality. I was trying to give the flip side of something toward the male gender because people don't often call men sluts, or at least don't do it seriously. Can you explain why my analogy doesn't work at all? I don't think it was the best example either but my point was that hating a part of who somebody is doesn't mean you hate their entire gender, race, demographic, whatever. 

Football players are a definite thing, yes. It is not inherently a negative thing to most people because of our culture. If we could imagine a world where playing football was more controversial and people "football shamed" or something, that would be more towards what I was trying to explain. Being a woman who is sexually free and sleeps with people as she pleases might be viewed negatively by some people in our culture, but that doesn't mean those some people hate women. I'm having trouble conveying what I'm trying to say.

I'm not sure I understand what you're trying to tell me but saying slut is a negative thing. I don't think it's used against women as a whole, but against specific women (not that that makes it any better or justified). A woman is indeed in danger of being called a slut by others who want to say mean things, but isn't everyone kind of at risk for being called something? Anyway that's not the point we're talking about, but again I don't think people say slut as a power struggle sort of thing. People say slut, they're assholes, it makes people feel bad, it's bullying, but I don't think its a systematic attempt to dis-empower women or put themselves up. Can you explain what you mean by "It is a form of hate?"

I'm not sure what you're talking about? I didn't down vote you? I don't think anybody made me look stupid, and I think my replies are fine. I'm not sure why you would assume it was me.