If you're arguing that feminism does not encompass *all* of the relevant struggles for equality, then I agree. Nor does it claim to. If you're claiming that feminism is *not needed* or *not a relevant part* of the conversation around equality, then I think that you are wrong.

It is common for people who oppose dialogue surrounding gender, race, class, etc to claim that they just don't see any difference between people, that all people are just the same to them. If we want to discuss equality in a thorough way, we cannot reduce all humans to a set of identical particles, we cannot ignore or reject the way that diversity in human identity creates a a richer and more complex narrative.

I don't agree with the idea that feminism is about giving women special protection; I think of it as a line of inquiry, not a conclusion. For instance, whether you accept gender as relevant to issues like pregnancy or abortion or not, the truth of the matter is that the way we handle these issues intrinsically has a different effect on men and women. If you refuse to acknowledge gender when considering pregnancy, if you refuse to acknowledge an inherent inequality in what pregnancy means for men and women, simply because pregnancy is not something that a person without a uterus can experience. A person born male will never have their life threatened by the fetal development. A person born male will never be told that they need to carry a fetus within their body when it has already died. A person born male will never undergo involuntary hormonal changes relating to another person growing inside of them. And so on and so forth.

I bring these things up not to draw any further conclusion from them, but to emphasize that there are intrinsic inequalities, which means that when we make choices, laws, etc around these issues, these choices, laws, etc have unequal effects. We cannot simply get rid of that by pretending it isn't there, or applying the laws "equally" to all humans. Nature, the status quo, and many other things will come into play and shape something universally applied into something unequal. And this isn't something within your control, not something you can make go away by just trying as hard as you can to see everyone equally.

Plus, really, I don't know of very many people who want to be seen as genderless, raceless, etc etc in the name of equality. Ask yourself: would you want to be seen as not male?