I'll be happy to oblige.

I'm taking your general thesis to be, as you previously stated,
> People have always used appearance as a proxy of internal qualities and it is impractical to change that.

This can be divided into two parts
1. People have always used appearance as a proxy of internal qualities.
2. It is impractical to change this [judgements of character based on appearance].

The first thing I find horrid is that lack of quantification in front of "People". Without quantification it reads like a claim about all people. 

"All people have always used appearance as a proxy of internal qualities" is disproven readily by a single counter example. I'm such a person who does not make inferences of character based on appearance ... therefore that factual claim is false.

A common move here, once a counter example is found, is to suggest that one's unqualified generalisation was not intended to apply to all, but some. That, in your case, the intention was "Some people have always used appearance as a proxy of internal qualities".

There are other quantifications you could choose, like "half" or "most", but I'll go ahead an supply you with the more defensible quantification.

Now, so quantified with "some", that part of your thesis becomes true. But it no longer has the force which it sounds like it did, without the quantification. For now it becomes easy to see that if some people can *not* judge a persons' character on the basis of their appearance, which is entailed by the current quantification, then there is no necessity that others *do* so judge.

/u/Nora_Oie reasonably brought to the table the example of race
> People make huge judgments [sic] (and always have) based on skin color, so it's impractical to change that?

Your claim 2., ignores that the civil rights movement in the US, as one example of many, has been successful at significantly reducing not only judgements of character based on race, but the unjust discrimination that flows from that. This is all that one needs to demonstrate that significantly reducing prejudice is both practical and achievable (thereby falsifying part 2 of your general thesis).

Your
> Racial stereotypes are unfortunately still prevalent today. But I wouldn't try to demand the society to change overnight because it takes time

Ignores precisely that it was in virtue of the demands for immediate change made by, in the example to hand, [Martin Luther King Jr](http://www.quoteswise.com/martin-luther-king-jr-quotes-9.html) ...
> We have also come to this hallowed spot to remind America of the fierce urgency of Now. This is no time to engage in the luxury of cooling off or take the tranquilizing drug of gradualism. 

... that gave effect to the right course correction of the juggernaut of society. While this is a course correction that predictably takes time, for unjust attitudes and practices this will be time that takes too long. But while society is not on the right course we ought demand that it change course. 

Rather, that is, than counsel the defeated resignation ("it is impractical to change this") that you have.

It is this defeatist resignation that is horrid and flawed.

