If they have kids they have to be civil to one another for their child's sake. But if they are being perfectly civil and they don't have anything to say to you that would give you closure, they don't have to spend hours and hours hashing out why the relationship fell apart until the other party feels they have closure.

They owe basic human decency. Closure isn't part of that. Closure is largely something people find on their own. Maybe knowing the reason can help, but sometimes people get told the reason and it's not enough, they think there must be something more to it. 

>A couple is together and is happy. Then, one of the partners just leaves one day, at least as far as the other partner is concerned.

Obviously one party wasn't happy, which is the biggest problem with this example. One party thought they were and the other wasn't. When both people are happy they don't just split. You can be unhappy because you feel unappreciate, you lost your attraction to that person, you fell out of love, you stopped feeling like you both had the same goals, whatever. But unless one party is moving to for a job or something, parties where both couples are happy don't just break up. And when you're moving for your job and breaking up both parties know why and going NC makes the most sense because both parties are hurt by the split and going NC is ripping the bandaid off instead of slowly peeling it off.

In the "the couple is happy situation" without a move? One person thinks it's a happy relationship and the other isn't happy and they've already come to terms with the relationship ending by the time they break it off. They've been unhappy with the relationship for a while, and the other person not seeing it just affirms their choice. People have reasons why they leave a relationship. If that person is unhappy and the other person can't see it, the party who leaves it going to have a hell of a time explaining it sufficiently to give the first closure if the first party thought everything was hunky dorey while the other became unhappy enough to leave. It could be really hard for the unhappy person to try and talk to the previously happy person who still believes the relationship was perfect and *why did you leave*. That they couldn't see the flaws was hurtful, that they insist they weren't there at all even moreso. I could easily understand why the unhappy party would avoid contact to avoid being reminded of how little their partner actually understood them.

It doesn't matter what gender you are. You gain closure on your own. The other person can't give it to you and as long as they weren't a total asshole as they left there's nothing wrong with them going NC as a way of self care for them exiting unless you have a kid together, in which case you need to maintain a civil relationship for your kid's sake. But even then, that doesn't obligate them to go beyond civil for extensive conversations about *why* they left.

And by being a total asshole I mean saying unnecessarily cruel things, spreading lies to all your friends, stealing your stuff, cheating, that sort of thing. NC doesn't fall under that category.

Often conversations about closing are just fronts for trying to get back together, if the other party can find out *why* they can fix it because they still think getting back together is an option. Wanting to avoid that situation is perfectly valid. If you're a guy or a woman if you don't want to hash it out with your ex because you think they're trying to find something to "fix" to get back together with you, that's perfectly legit. 

I agree with this piece on closure and staying friends [this piece about why nobody has to stay friends with an ex](http://captainawkward.com/2011/04/18/blanket-statement-monday-you-dont-have-to-be-friends-with-your-ex/)