I'm 32 and have started to realize lately that I have a similar relationship with my mother. Her and I were never close when I was growing-up - I could never ask her "lady questions" about what was happening as I went through puberty. I could never talk to her about boys or friends, or anything personal. No matter how I brought these things up, she would somehow take it as a personal attack of some sort - so I just kept it to myself as much as I could.

I remember when I was around 12 or 13, some kids at school teasing me because I hadn't started shaving my legs. So I went home & asked my mom if I could start shaving. She started *crying* & told me that I was too young to do such a thing. So I did it in secret. We never had The Talk. We never discussed anything beyond the most trivial of things.

She's much the same with "disagreements" (or different opinions) as your mother. I learned a long time ago to just nod and smile, and never bother disagreeing with her opinion. If I do, she takes it incredibly personally & it just isn't worth the battle or the inevitable crying. 

This really only came to light a few months ago. I asked my SO why he's so quiet when we go visit my parents (which is only 2-3 times per year to begin with); he tends to sit off in a corner, not saying much, not engaging in conversation or anything. He replied with: "Your parents are too formal. Your mom is nice and all, and actually your dad is hilarious and awesome, but I never feel comfortable enough to really *talk* around them. It's awkward around them. Your mom always has perfect nails, perfect hair, perfect everything - she's not like a real person that I can talk to".

It got me thinking about my conversations with my mother. It's all: "how are you?", "how's work going?", "how's the cat/dog doing?". And that's pretty much it.

My father and I get along famously, we can have in-depth "arguments" where we fact-check each other constantly, and neither of us take it personally. We can have long drawn-out discussions about topics that both of us (or one of us) are passionate about. But I feel as though my mother is a constant presence in these discussions - if we leave her out of the conversation for too long, she'll get huffy & we have to go back to the formal chit-chat to keep her happy.

On the surface, my relationship with my mother seems to *almost* verge on something that belongs in /r/RaisedByNarcissists, but I really think she just has 0 ability to connect with other people. There are stories from my childhood that I could tell that would certainly SEEM to belong on /r/RaisedByNarcissists, but in reality I had a good childhood. I wasn't abused. My parents went without so that my brother and I could have all the things that we wanted/needed. 

I think it comes down to how *she* was raised. Her parents came to North America during WW2, and they were exceptionally authoritarian & frugal (her father hand-made ALL of the clothing for my mom + her bother & sister). My mother wasn't raised by parents who she could connect with on any personal level, and I think she just accepted that as the norm.

I see friends of mine with tween or teenage children, and admire the relationship they have & wish it was something I'd experienced at that age. And once or twice my mother has even made comments similar to that. But I've just had to accept that my mother will never be my best friend - and no matter how much effort I put into it, that just isn't going to change. C'est La Vie.