I'm not in your position but I can relate on one note. I lost a fair bit of weight when I went to college. In high school I wasn't slim, but I wasn't fat. I just didn't have the kind of figure where people would comment on how fit I was. When I went to college, my lifestyle improved and I lost about 20-25 pounds unintentionally. I suddenly started to feel like I was a girl with a 'hot body'. I got a lot of attention and compliments. It boosted my self esteem quite a bit. 

I was unprepared for how much I started to identify by my looks on a subconscious level. I never felt I was fat in high school, but I when I look back to it I now see my old self as fat. I became happier with my body on some level but also not. Now I nitpick about my body in a way that I never did before. I pinch the flabby parts, I look in the mirror all the time and I can spot when I'm down a few pounds or up a few pounds because of water weight/bloating/what I've eaten recently. A tiny difference affects my self esteem in a way that never used to happen before I lost the weight. I discovered that I could reach an ideal state, and when I'm not in that ideal state I'm now really dissatisfied with myself. 

The thing is now I think of my body as a manifestation of my identity. When I lost weight initially it was sort of an accident. Then I started to identify as a fit person. I worked out a lot, I ate pretty healthily. So my body came to symbolize my success. The real success was the fact that I was a more disciplined, motivated person - that's why I took care of myself. But I came to measure that success in terms of muscle and  flabbiness. 

Fast forward to now and for about a year, my exercise routine has been inconsistent. I'm not nearly as toned as I used to be. Most people don't notice it, but I do. The thing I'm really down on myself for is that I'm not motivated or disciplined anymore. I know I could have my old body if I tried harder. I shit on my self esteem because I'm disappointed with how lazy I am. But I also shit on my body and it has becomes tied up with my self esteem. 

I know I'm not fat, but I constantly compare myself to when I was at my fittest. (I don't care that much about weight per se, because I'm about the same weight now as I was when I was at my lowest, but the difference is I used to be really toned and now I have a higher body fat percentage. I feel flabby because I haven't been working out like I used to.)  

Another thing that disgusts me is that I now look at other people and compare my body to theirs far more frequently than I used to. I scrutinize the facebook photos of people I barely know looking at their arm flab or whatever and I mentally pat myself on the back if I'm fitter than them, or I do the opposite if I'm not. On a rational level I don't judge people who are overweight. In fact, I sympathize with them quite a bit because my mom is overweight and I've seen how she has struggled with it. But I still can't help but noticing it and getting kind of a superiority boost when I see that I'm fitter than random strangers I compare myself to. 

I spend way more time thinking about it, judging other people and judging myself than I ever did before.  There's something about losing weight that just set off this borderline obsession with me. Then again I feel like it's not really at the level of an eating disorder, it's more like I went from being pretty indifferent/confident to being insecure, which I guess most women are about their bodies. Anyway, it just really fucked with my way of valuing myself and other people. 

Then add to that that I've been depressed. In the first place that's why I haven't exercised as much. And then of course lack of exercise worsens depression. The depression has tipped the balance regarding my relationship to food. A lot of days I eat almost nothing because I'm too lazy. I don't do it to diet, but I get some sense of satisfaction at the end of the day that I survived without eating. Then I look in the mirror and get even more satisfied looking at how skinny I look after barely eating for a few days. Ignoring hunger is something of an easier way to instill "discipline" than exercising for some reason. It's actually really not, but it feels that way because it's easier to do passive things when you're depressed than active things. But in my head, it gives me some sense that I'm controlling my life, in the form of being disciplined about things. That's what eating disorders often come down to. And my depression has a lot to do with feeling down on myself for how my lack of discipline has caused problems in my life.

When I do try to exercise I have no energy because I don't eat enough. Then I get really hungry sometimes and gorge on junk food. Other times I snap out of it and go for a few days eating healthy meals of good portions, but I have to force feed myself because I don't have an appetite. So I feel myself teetering on the edge of developing an eating disorder. It's a lot of up and down and I'm sure it has made my mental state worse than it needs to be.

I don't know what to advise for you because I haven't fixed the problem in myself. I just wanted to share my experience in case you can see yourself in it. If you're still off your meds, your depression is probably fucking with your body image a lot more than just the obvious ways.  For me it's been the depression that has made me starve myself "not on purpose" but just because it's "easy". Maybe it would have helped if I lived in a dorm or at home where food was readily available. If you see yourself conveniently being too lazy to eat I think you need to set up a system where you make sure you have food handy so you don't "accidentally discover how easy it is" to not eat, like me. 

I've found that exercise helps with the depression. You could see what works for you. Try to measure your success with exercise through things other than your weight and looking in the mirror --- the distance/speed you run, how much you lift, how many yoga classes you go to a week, etc. If I were to give myself advice it would be to find a training program to get to my goal 5k speed and focus on that as a fitness goal instead of standing in front of the mirror every day poking at my thighs. 

Sorry this is so long. Hope it has helped you. It helped me to write it out. 

Edit: I switched some stuff around to try to make what I wrote more clear.