Well we know that Deuteronomy has several passages regarding virginity, especially a woman's virginity. Basically all of Deuteronomy 22 is about that kind of stuff. So it definitely originated pretty early on and made its way in to religion through Abrahamic law. The idea of it being common sense is a little abstract but please bear with me. 

Judaism also derives their Kashrut (Kosher) laws from Deuteronomy and Leviticus. I guess Islam also gets the idea of Halal foods from this area of the Bible, though I'm not so well versed on Islam. But anyway, if we put aside the ritualistic aspects of Kosher laws, a lot of it becomes about common sense. [The wikipedia page on Kosher slaughter makes this pretty clear I think](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kosher#Kosher_slaughter). I mean, just think about it. Deutoronomy 14:21 says, "Do not eat anything you find already dead.", but it's not like these people actually had to be commanded by their God not to eat rotting carcasses that possible died from disease. They probably didn't know how long the dead animal had been there, and it was just *common sense* that this sort of thing wasn't good for you. If you really look in to some of these laws, especially the shellfish ones, you can see that it is all about hygiene. Think about how quickly bacteria grows on shrimp. People get food poisoning from shellfish that was prepared wrong every day. And this is before refrigerators or even air conditioning was around. 

Hygiene in mind, let's think about what STDs must have seemed like back in the day. With no concept of "germs" and "viruses" and "bacteria", it must've been pretty scary. Someone, somewhere along the way must have said to themselves, "These terrible afflictions must come from somewhere." With no way to treat STDs and no way to protect against it, the rate of infection amongst sex workers would have been very high. Anyone who slept with a prostitute risked infection, and anyone who slept with the person who slept with the prostitute was also at risk, and so on. So the connection was miraculously made between disease and sexually immorality. To protect against the spread of disease (or, as it would've been seen, God's wrath), there were chastity laws written in the Bible about abstinence, having only one partner in your lifetime, and killing non virgins. 

So I guess my source is Biblical law dating back to the origins of Judaism and quite possibly before that because the Bible does draw from other ancient cultures' religions like the Sumerians and the Epic of Gilgamesh. I supposed what makes it "left over" is that it is *a very very* old concept that was probably a practical decision in those days. We now have other ways of preventing the spread of infection, as well as ways to treat infections. We do not need to abstain from sex to avoid the spread of disease.

I guess another brief point to make would be that the world's most famous virgin is mother Mary. You can look up some stuff on that one if you want! I feel like I've already bombarded you with a lot of info already, sorry about that.