Don't take what I'm about to stay offensively in any way shape or form, IMO, this all just from experience, & I feel a bit of winded words coming on.


I've always been the fat girl, but I've also always been the confident/talkative/try to make everyone feel awesome and having fun all the time. Making fun of yourself, or having a laugh at your expense sometimes comes with that. & after toying with online dating (which has it's success, as it does horror stories), the best thing that works is learning to get over your stigma  of "I'm the fat girl". For the longest time I was always so focused of "I can't do this/say this/wear this" even around friends, because I was so focused (not so much on my weight), but on what others thought of me BECAUSE of my weight. 

So once I tackled that hurdle, I came to the next, which was dating. Before I settled down and was looking for something not-casual, I was OkCupid fiend. Not just for the male potentials, but just to meet new people in general & that turned out great. I found so many people who had the same interests in me.  The key is being confident, and don't try to be a catfish. If you're open and upfront with everything, things work out better that way. If you're "fat/chubby" and like it, be proud! Loud & proud, flaunt that shit. But if you don't wanna be "upfront & confident" about it, just don't make an extra effort to hide it. Always be yourself. :)


Rounding up my rant, not saying that being fat/chubby is bad at all. But I've been more happier in the last year of forcing myself into a lifestyle change (working out, eating properly, being more active) than I have my entire life. I used to find myself cancelling on plans,dates, just about anything, all because of my battle with worrying what others thought of my weight. Now that I am actively working to make myself appear better to myself (as weird as that sounds), I've found that my body itself just feels so much more incredible. My confidence (which was already sky high) is now super sky high, and I just generally feel awesome all the time & am so much more willing to do things.


:) take all with a grain of salt, I hope some or all of it helps you in some way possible. :) 