First: Yes. If it was federally required for identification purposes in legal documents, absolutely I would remove my top, and so would my sisters (then again, been screened in airport security lately?). Just two months ago I was asked to remove my cross necklace to take a picture for health insurance renewal (which I must remember you doesn't even HIDE anything - or is it different because it's a dominant religion here?). Did I make a fuss about it? No. Of course there isn't anything wrong with doctors wearing a hijab - that was not my point, I'm fine (hell I even think it's a good idea to avoid contamination - like the hair nets in food joints). But it's NOT fine to hide parts of the head for identification purposes, ESPECIALLY for religious purposes. And no, there isn't a crisis - neither did I say so I think.  

What I don't believe truly is the real choice part. Wearing it because it's part of your religion IS a choice (as you could just stop practicing so vehemently). But that's like saying that because a hockey fan believes that wearing his helmet everywhere will help his team he's exempt for it - and THAT is consistency of belief and actions, federally. You don't exempt people from rules and laws because they believe something - ESPECIALLY NOT when you say you're a religiously-neutral government.  

I'm not talking about your ancestry. I don't care WHERE you come from. You're following the Kur'An and that's fine. What is NOT fine is putting your religion above civilian law. And please don't make a point of Drainville - it was an abomination that I completely condemn. Neither was it a question of religion - Drainville is a town plagued with racism and intolerance - the hijab issue for legal pictures is a matter of regulation.  

I understand the whole racism issue - and I am a fierce fighter for ethnic acceptance (I feel dirty even writing this). It's completely wrong. But the hijab issue for pictures is not a matter of racism. It's a matter of treating EVERY PERSON OF THE POPULATION equally. You're not against that, are you?

I'm not telling you to stop wearing the hijab. I know you people get a lot of flak for it. And I agree for the stupid people part, and for the part where they tend to lump in minorities together. What I find even more hypocritical of you is that you said that you don't ALWAYS wear your hijab. So if you sometimes not wear it in public, why would you INSIST on wearing it on pictures that will end up on legal document?

Yes, you are people. Yes, the idiocy and venom thrown at you is ludicrous. Yes they are your lives (and by the way, as far as I am aware, it's illegal in Montreal to hang around in bikinis - it has to be covered until you reach an area of water contact, like a large public fountain or a pool or a beach) - but once you step into legal matters and proceeding, your life is on standby - you are no longer an individual, you merely represent your identity of which religion is a footnote. It's like that for every single person in this province. And I find it very sad that you say that wearing the hijab is not a day-to-day or week-to-week decision - considering you said in the last paragraph that you DO sometimes remove your hijab in public to avoid further staining the reputation of Quebec Muslims. And if you ask me, the spiritual journey of mankind becomes even greater when you transcend physical matter and think of it on a higher level. Anchoring your religion to a set of items make you uncertain, doubtful when isolated from them. Wear them if you want - but don't sever the connection to a higher being because you need to take off the icons of your religion.  

Sorry if I came across as dissing the hijab as a whole - I am not. You do whatever with your head. I was simply stating the whole legal issue of covering your head for identification purposes. Don't let religion come between you and the law. Hold it close to your heart and let yourself abide to come out stronger.