I own a bike shop in Scotland (more hills and mountains than beach front boulevards). Whether its for hire or sale, the bikes I steer them towards are ones that fit them, their needs and their riding environment.

My customers are of different heights, arm length/reach, leg length and fortunately different frame sizes, geometries, styles and components mean this is easily customised for the individual. It may be because of injury or physical issues (old age, joints, etc) that also affect what bike they go for, or what I suggest for them, whether a step through bike or a 'mountain bike'.

Generally speaking mountain bikes have higher horizontal top tubes, with 'kinks' or 'bends' on ladies specific frames. Ironically it is the 'testicle to top tube' gap that men want to check. This comes from one way to measure the size of a bike and bike frame by ensuring there is adequate clearance for one's twig and berries when standing over the bike, with feet on the floor. I haven't had a fellow come in asking for a step through because his junk is down by his ankles. However ladies also value this clearance.

Why do ladies bikes still have this bend? Mostly due to the fashion cross over from your Victorian step throughs for long dresses to modern frame designs and the need to distinguish between 'mens' and 'womens' bikes, for those that feel the need to. However in certain disciplines, the only difference is frame SIZE not frame DESIGN. 

When it comes to hiring bikes out, I stock a range of frame sizes, but to be honest most of my bikes are unisex bikes. This is incase a group of 'laddish' lads come in to hire bikes only to find out that as it is a busy day the only ones left are 'girly' pink ones. Now whilst pink is not seen as a girly colour in many modern cycling circles, and the modern person will just get on and ride it whatever colour it is, it is often just easier to stick with more neutral colours. 

When it comes to off road, the extra power and stresses on the bike through the key welds and stress areas mean that bikes need to be as strong as possible to avoid 'folding', or snapping. It was believed that men put more power through the arms so HAVE to have the horizontal top tube, but the discipline and terrain is just as an important factor. So off road bikes are geared for more abuse, shakes, rattles and rolls and therefore need to be designed appropriately, and the step throughs have been design out.

Step throughs are fantastic for those that need them, and for those that don't need the strengths and designs of a mountain bike. I've had plenty of happy customers leave on step throughs, and electric step throughs, although it is more due to age or injury than gender.

Interesting to find out if there were ladies step throughs AND ladies non step through bikes available for you? Then there could be little argument from your dad, as clearly there are different options available. 

As a small piece of advice for someone buying a bike for the first time, unless you have a budget of over about £650 / $1000 try to avoid full suspension bikes as they are heavy, the suspension often doesn't work very well, and they can hinder your development and skill progression, if you are looking to go down that route. Anything under £150 / $200 and it will fall apart faster than a wet cake. You may not even have been considering it, but its a consideration to mention none the less.

[EDIT] There are exceptions to this rule of course, but this is an OK rule to go by.

So to sum up, its different bikes for different people, whether that is as a result of their needs, their riding style or the environment or terrain they ride on. Just please don't go and show you dad he is wrong by riding down an official downhill track on a step through. You may not be conscious enough to say 'see I told you so'!