UPDATE: Hi everyone, sorry I couldn't reply individually to your comments, I tried but they came in too fast and I had to plan for a serious and potentially unpleasant conversation. I started with "is this how you saw things going when we first met?" And then from there I brought up that we bicker about my old friends and that it's difficult to do work. I also mentioned that I hate being stressed about making nice with girls just to get along with them, and that I feel that he is being controlling, which could be the first stage of more abusive issues.

At first, he was hurt that I felt that way, that I put our drama online for all to see, and that I painted him as a jealous boyfriend. And then it sunk in that there was a reason he was being painted that way: because that's how it is. G is jealous, he likes being the sole support system, and he likes the idea of me acting in a way that I can't. He said that he wants to change.

So we talked and reached common ground. I can be with my friends one on one without criticism as long as he meets them first. I can make friends of either gender but he wants to meet them. I think that's fair, and that it will help build trust without completely unnerving him. 

Second, I made it very clear that I want him, and only him, and no one else. He said he knows and he loves me too and he just wants to protect me. We talked about how protection does not have to equal control, and that I am always going to be honest about what I'm doing and who I'm with. Tears were shed, it opened my eyes to a few more things he does that should have led me to this conclusion before: he insisted I move in after dating less than a month, he checks on my constantly when I'm at work, he makes sure the doors are locked when he leaves for work (midnight tour, he does NOT lock me in a house just because he's not there!), etc. we have a lot to talk about still tonight, obviously. However, I think we scratched the surface of the control issues, which is so important.

Finally, we are going to keep working on the positive parts of our relationship: we have great communication, we laugh often, we have intelligent debates, the sex is fantastic, we show our affection through words, gifts, and touch, we are adventurous and romantic together while a little bit cheesy. I am not leaving him if he can relax and trust me more. If he can't we will have to face the possibility of a break up, but for now that's off the table. We love each other dearly, he completes me, we hit a rough patch and hopefully we will adapt and overcome together.

Thank you again, twox! I will update again if anything happens, and I want to say thank you especially for making me feel less alone. You guys made me feel like I can keep and make friendships with either gender. More importantly, I may have let G continue to be controlling and domineering. You helped my relationship and my life, I'm going to make friends with more confidence now. I know it's just cyberspace, but your input really helped, all of it! I can't thank you ladies and visitors of twox enough!