I didn't realize you quoted Neil deGrasse Tyson. I'm presuming it was the comment about creating an equal society, "and then we'll talk". Here is exactly why that quote doesn't mean much. Read this from Scientific American:

* [Neil DeGrasse Tyson makes an excellent point, but Larry Summers is still right](http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/the-curious-wavefunction/2014/04/22/neil-degrasse-tyson-has-a-point-but-larry-summers-is-still-right/)

> What part of my comment was unclear?

I'm pretty sure that I understood you, especially because I agree with you in part, and rather it's that you didn't understand me, particularly on the part we disagree. I think that you didn't understand the difference between poor treatment of women and discrimination (real problem) and the large gender gap in programming (not a problem)

> As a programmer who happens to also be a woman that has actually experienced all of this how presumptuous and downright patronizing.

I've been saying all along in each comment that women are not being treated fairly as many women like yourself are clear about, and that this is problematic, so I'm in agreement with you here. (I'm assuming that by "experienced all of this" you mean poor and unfair treatment because you're a woman in programming).

When I say that you don't understand the problems, but you have solutions anyway, I am referencing the fact that you think "creating a society with equal opportunity" happens separately from understanding biological differences between the sexes. I've explained why understanding biological differences between the sexes is practically *necessary* for creating an equal society -- namely because it allows you to correct identify sectors of society with very unequal treatment.

OP's article and /u/robot_lady incorrectly suggested or argued that the unfair treatment of women and the gender gap in programming are essentially one in the same. I responded by arguing, essentially, that they are almost completely separate. The unfair treatment of women is bad in and of itself so it should be highlighted and stamped out, but that has little to no bearing on the large gender gap in programming. This is the whole reason why I brought up biological differences in the first place, to explain why these two are actually separate and not one in the same (the large gender gap in programming exists for biological reasons). Then you came along and suggested to me that I shouldn't be bringing up biology. 

Well why wouldn't I bring it up when /u/robot_lady and OP were confused about the real phenomenon of the unfair treatment of women? They didn't understand the problem so I tried to help clarify it for them. To borrow a phrase from you, OP and /u/robot_lady "dismiss and distract from the actual issues" by assuming that the large gender gap in programming is primarily due to socialization, which would be a form of discrimination. *Since that is false it dismisses and distracts from the actual issue of real discrimination in this same field. An understanding of the biological differences between the sexes helps clarify the myriad of ways and extent to which women are discriminated against, which in turn helps us create an equal opportunity society.*