> It's kind of like this. If I go to an ATM in a bad part of the city at 3AM, take out $2000 in cash, and begin to loudly count my money I'm probably going to get mugged. No one has the right to mug me, and I have every right in the world to take money out of an ATM and count it whenever I please. But realistically, there were other options I had that could have easily reduced my chances of getting mugged.

A much better analogy is for instance, how you should not have cash in your pocket when sleeping over at a friends house. No one is saying its your fault if your friend steals your money but you put yourself in that situation. Or, your ATM analogy may work if you replace the sketchy neighbourhood with a in general safe neighbourhood where you live - and have a reasonable sum of money there. Because, going to parties is not *that* risky, that only stupid or high-risk-takers go to them. The utter most times nothing happens. Going out to a bad neighbourhood is much more obvious high-risk action. 

There is also an interesting sociopsychological point of view. Men die or get seriously injured in for instance football games where die-hard-fans kick each others asses. Sometimes, bystanders get hurt (or killed). Now, last time this happened, there were a lot of writing done about it but no one, NO ONE, said anything about men better stay at home from the next match or gave advice on how to be aware of their surroundings in order to avoid violence, to not wear provocative clothing (club t-shirts) or to drink. 

A second example. There was recently a small "gang" of a couple of teenagers. They were specifically robbing young men, walking alone late at night. Were there any recommendations for men to NOT walk alone? No. Most of the victims were on their way home late at Friday and Saturday nights, were they recommended to not be drunk? No.

I think it as a whole does send certain signals that whenever there are crimes comited against women - we should take part of the responsibility of it. But when men are targets of crime... well, no need to modify behaviour, responsibility is ALL on the bad guy.


Also, these advice on how to avoid rape are pretty ridiculous. The utter most girls do not want to walk anywhere outside by themselves after dark. Many yell creep as soon as a unknown guy talks to them. And clothing has been ruled out as a major provocation for rapists in several studies as we tend to think of it (revealing == more likely victim) (look it up!). 