I volunteer as an advocate in a sexual assault crisis center. Take that as you will. I think it's really important for you to do what's best for you. Maybe it's legal justice. Maybe it's just seeking counseling. Maybe it's sharing your experience with friends and family. You decide how you will heal from now on. Now, I don't want to change your mind. I just want to be realistic.... It's been a year. I think you would have a lot of trouble making a case against him, and I've personally seen the justice system fail because the whole "thing" is he said she said. BUT. If that's what you need to heal then do it!

I am also a survivor who let my assaulter get away. So maybe hearing my experience with guilt will help you. I have always struggled with guilt, but it's much more complex than just "Who else has he hurt?" It's, "How could I be so stupid for trusting him? Now I've ruined the friendship between my family and this man. Why didn't I tell my family so they could protect themselves? ...so his family could protect themselves? Why did I have to talk that way? Why did I have to walk that way? Why did I dress that way?" Even now I'll find myself feeling guilty or shameful when something bad happens. "It must have been how I was acting. If I wasn't so (characteristic) that person wouldn't have done that thing to me." I wish that I could tell you that tomorrow you'll wake up and won't feel guilty, but it's highly unlikely that will be true for you. You'll probably feel guilty forever.

 My guilt will start to fade away into the elevator music of my mind. I'll think to myself, "I am beautiful and strong and proud!" Then someone will be an ass (man or woman or child or animal or rock) and I blame myself. I blame myself for giving them a reason to act. I feel guilty and ashamed. I shouldn't have worn that skirt, I shouldn't have been so nice, I should have been more aware. I should have worn the ugliest outfit, stopped bathing, acted like an emotionless robot, and sat in a corner all day. In my head I created a tempting treat by being me (dangling a carrot in front of the horse), and I feel guilty for catching that asshole in my trap. 

What the hell is that, right? WTF BRAIN!? Are you with me or against me? Anyways, I have to talk myself down when I start blaming myself or feeling guilty. I say "talk myself down" because I always picture Guilty Sg1324 on the ledge of a very high building getting ready to nose dive into a sidewalk of detachment and binge ice cream. The process involves 1. reminding myself that I can only control myself and not others 2. living in guilt and shame prevents me from living in the present moment where I can experience happiness and love 3. continuous nose dives will increase levels of guilt and shame due to lower levels of relationship maintenance and 4. mindless ice cream binge eating isn't good for me. Talking myself down really helps to snap myself back to the present where I can experience all the good things, and there are a lot of good things to experience. 

I know it's long and isn't exactly how you're experiencing guilt, but I really hope it helps. I hope that you choose to do what's best for you, and I hope that you heal. 