I still don't get that chart..not that I like faces either.

In my head, my migraines do not even compare to the "lesser" up-and-down pain from some nerve damage I have. I could judge the former to be like a 6-8 according to that chart for maybe up to an hour until drugs and sleep kick in, but I know it will end so if I had to come up with a number I'd be like, it's a 4 because I feel like it's just a stronger version of stubbing my toe - I notice it enough that I want to throw up and cry but it will go away fast so it's okay. The latter is just a constant 1-6 and while I have no problems with my job or relationships and only made minor lifestyle changes, it drives me up a wall since the severity and timing is hard to predict (I just know that standing makes it worse) and drugs don't reliably do anything about it. So I want to come up with a number that represents my frustration and pull like a 7 out of my ass. The "demand painkillers no matter what" from 9 is also pretty applicable. But this is a lot easier for doctors to deal with because it's just upping the dosage of Neurontin-that's-not-common-to-abuse or getting steroid injections, not opioids.

I know I'm overthinking it - it's probably why I just talk about what the pain feels like and how annoying it is with my doctor/neurologist instead of figuring out a number. Not even when I went to the ER with crazy arm pain from falling on it (during martial arts training -_-) where I could barely talk did they ask for a number..

That being said, I got a hydrocodone cough syrup for a lingering bronchitis cough the other day and the pharmacist was enthusiastically telling me to make sure I noted the expiration date (way late 2015) so I keep the bottle around to use later on because "it's the same thing as Vicodin! You know what Vicodin is, right!!!!!" because he thought my grimacing from just standing around at the pharmacy was for pain? I don't quite know. It was very strange. Doctor very hesitant to give me something (except it's been almost 4 months and waking up from cough) and pharmacist raving about it..