> Its been my experience that instead of being the problem of everybody they are regulated to the problems of no one, as in no one cares.

No one cares about the economy? No one cares about unemployment? No one cares about wars, about trade, about technology, about education? Ok. 

> not convinced feminists have much interest in helping men; now brandishing us as scary rape monsters that cant be trusted around children that Ive seen. Helping us get out from under our gender roles...not so much.

I don’t think you know much about feminism. It might help if you tried listening to what feminists actually say, rather than what MRAs say feminists say. Also, keep in mind that feminists are individuals, not a hivemind – there are lots of different strands and lots of internal conflicts of opinion within the movement, meaning that one person who identifies as feminist does not speak for all the rest. Fwiw, I’m a feminist and I don’t think all men are scary rape monsters. I’d also love to see men included more systematically in child care, as I think that would go a long way towards establishing true gender equality. 

> I love hearing about the patriarchy. If youre going to discuss it, do you mind defining it so I know what youre specifically talking about?
 
Ah, my bad. I entered into this conversation assuming that the fact you were on the internet meant you had access to the internet. But fine, I’ll do your research for you:

According to Wikipedia, the patriarchy is “a social system in which males are the primary authority figures central to social organization, occupying roles of political leadership, moral authority, and control of property, and where fathers hold authority over women and children. It implies the institutions of male rule and privilege, and entails female subordination.”

A simpler definition is that of a society that values men about women and by extension behaviours it labels as masculine over those it labels feminine. Hope that helps.

> Now what I did say is, In terms of reproductive rights dont women have all the rights men have but then also the ultimate right to abort as well as safe haven? How is having more rights than men oppression by men?

Now you’re not even making sense. Men are not denied the right to have an abortion. It’s just that the vast, vast majority of men have bodies that make granting them abortions an entirely inapplicable right. All people, men and women, should be allowed access to affordable birth control, adapted to the realities of their bodily functions. This *single, indivisible right* will translate into different procedures depending on the biology of the individual. 

I might as well run around complaining that I am denied the right to a vasectomy, or for that matter the right to have a baby by simply squirting my reproductive material into the body of a member of the opposite sex at orgasmic climax. Coz I gotta tell you that shit sounds *great*!

But if it makes you feel better, I’m sure there are a few transmen out there who have indeed had abortions. So there you go: equal rights. 

> Do you have anything to back up the claim that we've been raising our daughters to feel they are worthless? 

Yes, I do. It’s called the internet. 

> It would help if this were cited in some way as well. You dont have to pull up a book ...but maybe some article or some kind of something?

What are you, a peer-reviewed journal?? Do your own damn research. 

> SO then you are aware that even for men, "our basic rights over our own fucking bodies are considered to be up for question." Which is why I brought them up. Women are not the only groups still fighting for the right to body integrity.

Actually, I would disagree with this assessment. I think it is central to the prevalence of circumcision in North America that, except of course where it is done for medical reasons, it is only performed on babies. Traditionally, men in western societies have been seen as owning not only their wives, but also their children. Male children grew into their full independence when they reach adulthood, female children were passed onto their husbands or branded failed investments. If circumcision was performed on adult men (as logically it should exactly because of bodily autonomy) it would not have survived this long because few men would voluntarily choose to go through with it and nobody would conceive of forcing them to do so by law. 


> This is a big mess. Religious kooks are sexist against men and women. Men also have gender roles within the dogma of the church. You cant go in on the peninsula I cant go to some monasteries. 

Ok, look: I have absolutely no disagreement with the idea that gender norms harm both men and women – that is a given. But nuns not allowing men onto their private property is a very, very different thing to have a *whole department of a country* be inaccessible to half its population as endorsed through a special exception to human right in that country’s Constitution, which is bizarrely respected by the rest of the world as well, to the extent that the EU *also* made a special exception when Greece joined. Yes, they are both facets of the same fundamental problem. No, they are not in any way equal in their presentation or effects.

