I worked at a movie theater in college and after only two weeks was promoted to work in the booth. When I asked my supervisor why he chose me and not the guy with previous experience, he said "because you were the least dumb of the hot girls who wanted the job". Yup. The 5 other male booth employees literally sat down and discussed hotness to dumbness ratio after deciding they needed to "break up the sausage fest". 

My job required a lot of bending and lifting and crawling under machines. My supervisor would follow me around the booth in a rolling chair staring at my ass from every angle and grinning. He asked me out daily fully knowing I wasn't single and I was going to say no. He became obsessed to the point of begging and began to schedule every single shift so that I would have to work with him. If I asked for a weekend off, he'd try to find out through my friends at work if I was going to see my boyfriend and then not give me the days off. 

But I needed the job desperately so I told myself they're just words and they can't hurt me. Eventually I had to take a week off to go on a trip and my supervisor just could not handle the fact that he wouldn't see me for a week. He cornered me against a wall (in a locked booth in which we were the only two in the building that night with the code to get in) and tried to make out with me. When I told him to stop, he forcefully grabbed my face to try and turn it back towards his mouth and starting touching me all over. I had to scream for him to stop. My trip was ruined. 

The next day he admitted in a text message to me that he had heard me say no over 5 times and refused to stop anyway. Then he told all my coworkers that we had this hot passionate kiss and the rumors that I was a cheating slut spread all over my workplace. So I finally went over his head to his boss and reported the incident and everything prior. I had all the disgusting sexual texts as well as the one where he admits to assault. That supervisor did nothing except try to ask me out himself! He acted like he was on my side and felt for me and I reported it to him because I felt safe with him. He manipulated the situation to try and get a date. 

Shortly after, I just quit. I was told I would no longer have to work with the guy who was harassing me but he showed up any time I was there anyway. All my coworkers thought I was just being a drama queen. My female manager tried to guilt me into not reporting anything to corporate. My hours got cut. Eventually, I just walked out. 

/rant. It's been almost 3 years and this still upsets me.