I'm going to play a little bit of a devil's advocate here, in hopes that it will help you move on and make you feel better about the situation. It's very easy to get onto the train of thought that he's such a terrible person, but in reality he may have realized that it just wasn't *right*, and it took getting to know someone else that it wasn't.

My ex is an absolutely wonderful person, I think he's fantastic and we were really best of friends. He deserves the absolute best. I felt the need to break up because it just wasn't right. He wasn't someone I wanted to make my life decisions with. His values were different enough from mine that it took a toll on our relationship. The differences would seem minor to many, but they were cause of anxiety and sadness for me at times. I didn't want to live the rest of my life with him as my *partner*. Friend? Yes.

My current boyfriend and I started dating not very long afterwards, and to many, it would seem like way too soon. I totally understand that. We've known each other longer than I had even known my ex, but it took us hanging out again to realize that there was someone out there that *did* carry my same values and would potentially be someone who I would want to make my life decisions with. That realization was the breaking point for me with my ex.

So in this scenario, I'm your ex. I didn't cheat, but I was emotionally spent by the end of our relationship. I didn't want to hurt my ex, I respected and loved our relationship, and tried my hardest to assure him that I did *not* regret or did I want to "throw it away."

Your ex is capable of love, and he did love you. I loved my ex very much. He probably still cares for you, but there's a huge difference between wanting to be someone's partner and being someone's friend. 

Did your ex handle it well at the end? No. It's hard to end a relationship, regardless of how long it was or what your current feelings are. He shouldn't have texted the girl in that way. 

At the same time - don't throw away those 7 years yourself by feeling the need to be vindicated. Appreciate the love and compassion you had for each other when it was good, cry over the bad, and be happy with yourself. Realize that there's someone (probably many) people out there who will make you happy and carry your same values, and someone who will be your *partner*. 