Someone asked me why I love my bush, and this was my reply. It get's a little personal....I am sharing it hear to spread more body positivity.

Well, I love how it looks when you stand back and look at the whole body. If I think of the body like a charcoal drawing, it is beautiful and fitting, triangle on curves, accent of beauty.

With regard to cuddling and nonsuxual behavior I love how soft and comforting it is. When I sleep I like to put my hands inbetween my legs. When I shaved/waxed it felt all clammy so I didn't put my hands there anymore. Moving into the sensual realm, I love to pet it, stroke it, and play with it, re-arrange the hairs. I also like to smell it because it smells better than just about anything, possibly except bacon, which basicly smells the same. I am half joking. half. But seriously, certain times of the month it smells so good I can't keep my hands out of my pants. I pitty the man that has never smelled pussy pheromones. Mine occur when the hairs are an inch or longer....

Softness. So soft are the hairs if you do not trim them. They get smooth and sensual a their ends. I may trim to re-shape on occasion, but I try to do it as rarely as possible because it makes my hair scratchy and sharp. Whisps of hair and ringlets remind me of Greek Gods, I like how they gently get thinner and blend with the body. I like it soft, rather than the hard edges of a shaved bikini line.

Sexual realm - there is more sensation for me with pubic hair and I love it when a guy touches my hair for awhile before he touches skin. I especially love the surprise sensation when there is a light or unexpected touch, and how they travel down several hairs at once and stimulate different nerves across my labia. I Especially love when the hairs above my clit are gently swept. And moving deeper, I love the hairs on the labia near my vagina pulled. 

Fingers on skin are too rough for me until I am super turned on. So this is how I like to be turned on, this foreplay of gentle and heavy petting. 

Body Wisdom - I believe in the wisdom of the natural body. The new vaginal microbiome research has rocked my world. I believe my bush protects me from disease and infection. 

Those are the reasons I love my pubic hair.
