I think the outrage people are feeling now is very ironic. For me, this subreddit died a long time ago, maybe a year and half or two.  This sub is completely unrecognizable from what it was when it was created and what it continued to be for a long time.  I don't remember exactly when or how but it became notable more popular in a very short period, and things changed significantly.  Out went a lot of the lighthearted discussions, the girly talks, the advice on personal and mild body issues, the jokes and cartoons.  In came the the men's rights activists and the crowd obsessing over sexual assault issues.*  And soon after, in came the downvote brigades as well.  

When I first came to 2XC, probably a little less than three years ago, the top post was just someone who wrote a few sentences wondering why women's pants don't have functioning pockets.  I had an instant "hah! totally! and I never even really thought about it!" moment and stayed.  The influx of men's rights activists and the fetishizing of sexual assault issues facilitated the creation of alternative subreddits for those who needed something different or something just lighter.  The community has made a complete turn around in just a matter of months, and so it may again. I bet most of the people who are upset about how the sub is about to change are the very ones who were part of that other change before.  I am not saying change is bad, clearly not for those who are here now, but probably didn't even know about 2XC two years ago.

*I am very much in favor of awareness of the issues that women face concerning sexual assault and activism and OF COURSE I want to offer support for everyone who comes here or anywhere else for support after being a victim.  That said, the down right obsession this subreddit has had with this issue, posting every article, report, or suspicion we have, I feel has been very damaging to the peace of mind to anyone (victim or no) who does not want to steep in the minutia of this issue all the time.  It is an important issue yes, but I think it is so vastly over represented here that it eclipses many other important issues and alienates a lot of women who want and need a community like this as much as victims of sexual assault.