Does it have to be assumed that she automatically risks her job by asking?  Generally when a man or woman prepares themselves to ask for a raise, they bring up all of the things they have contributed and ways they have gone above and beyond in their position that warrants a raise.  In this instance, she can merely ask for a meeting with her boss and bring up those points and simply ask that she be paid the "industry standard" for her position, education and experience, and then she needs to be prepared to back up that industry standard amount with some facts (not just "John in accounting says that Simon makes more than me, " but some actual statistics which it sounds like she might have already).

Also, if she feels that she knows for certain that she is being underpaid for her work, and she speaks to management and finds out why (Do they give her a reason? Is it a legit reason?) then I would encourage her to look for a new job and if she leaves, she may explain politely in her resignation letter than her conditions were leaving were driven in part by being denied the industry standard. (edited to add: this may not be particularly wise, now that I consider it, but I suppose it would be up to her if the reason for her leaving is important enough to warrant that).

The reason I think looking for other opportunities is more prudent than taking legal action is because legal action is money and time consuming, and may not present the result she wants.  Many factors go into pay.  My husband is arguably better at his job then one of his coworkers, but she has been at the company a few years longer, and is twice his age.  His company's pay depends more on seniority than actual results.  Some companies are the opposite.  Some companies do a mix of both.

In short, I don't think she is risking her job if she simply asks for a raise in the appropriate way.  Also, speaking to a lawyer is confidential, so if she were to go that route and simply ask the advice of an employment lawyer, her company would not find out unless she told them - so its not risk to her job to merely ask.  They would only find out if suit were filed and that would likely mean the attorney thought it was a suit-worthy cause.