**You need to ask a doctor about vaginismus** - a *good* doctor, not one of those shitty ones you're already seeing. If they aren't concerned when something that should be normal is causing you great distress, they aren't worth your time. It sounds like it might not be the entirety of your problem, but you could have been narrating my life several years ago when you were talking about the speculum, and how scared you are.

TLDR Vaginismus is a stress response that seems to happen out of fucking nowhere. Your body anticipates penetration, and your muscles turn into steel and hell no nothin's getting in there, no matter how lubed it is or how stretched you think you are. It takes a lot of conditioning to work yourself up to being able to handle typical penetration - and even then it's not guaranteed.

When I figured out what my problem was with my current doctor (who is a magical health fairy as far as I'm concerned), it took years of frustration, persistence, and several relationships to get to the point where I could handle penetration - and even now, the only pleasure/satisfaction that I get from it is knowing that I'm not in pain.

I'm going to tell you something that is very important whether or not vaginismus is the issue, that took me a very long time to say and even longer to believe: *you are not broken*. I don't remember how long I went feeling like I was a failure of a human because I had a body part that didn't function right and *no one* knew why or how to help. Don't you ever dare compromise or put yourself into a painful situation because you feel like you have to. My condition got way worse than it should have been because myself (and my ex) decided it was something to push through - and then he started to ignore that it hurt me, and then sex became something that was just for his benefit, and then at the end, he raped me. I'm not saying this can/will happen to you, but if my shitty experience can help someone else understand just how this affects someone's life, then you bet I'm gonna scream my story from the mountaintops.

I really wish the best for you - your body shouldn't be your enemy and you don't need to be in pain. You really, truly deserve to feel healthy and pain-free - please don't give up, you might have to switch doctors a dozen times and you might hit snags in relationships, but always look out for yourself because at the end of the day, it's only you that gets to wear your body, no one else can know how you feel until you tell them.