Here are some things i wish i knew, and some things that i'm glad i did when i was younger.

Actions speak louder than words. If someone says one thing, but their actions repeatedly hurt you, blow you off or contradict their promises, then they didn't mean those words and probably don't care about you as much as you care about them. These people are okay to leave. And sometimes, they aren't worth giving a second chance. there are a lot of people that didn't deserve my forgiveness and compassion for a second, third, fourth or even fifth try. 

Learn to forgive easily for small things, and not automatically forgive the big things. People make mistakes and a little compassion goes a long way. 

Be honest with yourself over what you feel is important and don't let other people belittle those feelings. your feelings matter, as irrational and overwhelming as they sometimes seem. 

Listen to your gut and follow your intuition. If something is making you feel uncomfortable, it's okay to remove yourself from whatever is making you uncomfortable.

People don't change unless they want to. choose friends based on the present, not the past. If someone is being totally awful who used to be a good friend, it's alright to move on to new people. 

It's better to be alone than with people who don't treat you right. You deserve good friends and if those are in short supply, don't feel like you need to be with people just so you at least have one friend. Some people aren't worth keeping around, and can actually make you feel worse than any loneliness ever could. And if you do end up being alone, use the time to better yourself.

sports and physical exercise aren't just for the fit kids! Weightlifting is fun! Frisbees are fun! cycling is fun! swimming is fun! I can't believe all the years Ive wasted when i could have been having a really good time and feeling better about myself. 

Fake confidence. fake it til you make it is very real! be brave, be loud, take risks. Challenging yourself this way will help you be a resourceful, capable young adult. A lot of your peers are just like you, learning about who they are as people, discovering themselves and all that. So don't feel bad if you feel like you haven't figured something out that others are weather its sex, relationships, friendships what have you. Don't sweat these things!

Read books. so many books. some books i read now i think to myself "i would've really liked this in my teens" or "i'm glad i read that in my teens." catcher in the rye, ender's game, speaker for the dead, watchmen, maus, slaughterhouse 5, breakfast of champions, stephen king novels and fear and loathing in las vegas were books/comics I read when I was around your age that I had really enjoyed. Look for books that sound interesting to you and read them! It's so easy to put off reading books so make a little time and make a habit of it.

also, if you're really interested in something, or even just mildly curious, go out and do something about it! Don't let having a weird/uncool hobby, interest or passion hold you back :) You like art? go to a gallery! you're interested in writing but aren't confident in your abilities? write anyway, and post to a forum for comments and criticism! same thing with music! And even if they're not typical/popular interests, you can find communities for almost any interest on the internet. Coding, welding, cooking, taxidermy, wood working, carpentry, animation, poetry, activism, geology, etc. Get the fire in your belly started young

