Oh, I relate to your PMS troubles. Aside from the debilitating pain, I get so irrationally moody, leaning to the angry spectrum of feels. I blew up the day before yesterday, because one thing after another kept piling and I wanted to go on a bloody killing spree. 

Since I had just gotten home, my SO had no idea what and why was going on, but when I growled "bitchy PMS mode" be backed away slowly and went to fill a wine glass. 

That is a thing we both do- talk. Even if it just to say "bitch mode engaged, not your fault, talk later". But later on we talk about it, even if it is just to rant about whatever it was that pissed us off. And in my opinion that is how a healthy adult relationship should work. 

Of course I sometimes fall into stupid angsty "I am not talking to you" pits, but I have come to realize that when I sulk by myself and go with the "you should know what is wrong" attitude, I am only hurting myself. My SO is not telepathic, I don't think you are either. 

If he does not tell you what it is that upset his manly feelings, then you will not know it magically. You might think it was because of the car, but he might actually be upset that you shrunk his favourite boxers in the wash (just a completely random example). But until he tells you what exactly it is that bothers him, you fill feel like you kicked the puppy and then stomped on it, too. 

I suggest to take a day off. Go to the beach with a frieng, windowshop, catch a movie... Anything that will help you to regain your balance and make you feel better. 

Then when you feel like a sane person (not a poke at you, I personally feel that "the gift of womanhood" messes me up bad) again, approach the subject casually. A la "Look, sorry about my inability to deal, this PMS thing is hard on me and makes me act like a wildebeest and it has actually nothing to do with you. Now, I can see that something is bothering you, could you please share, so we could move past this" 

If he comes back with the oh so female "im fine" then... Bah... Then I don't know. I would probably go with a lightly teasing "male PMS??" kind of approach, but I don't know if that would help you. 