I think that part of this issue is that, a lot of the time, when a "not all men" comment arises, it's not relevant to what was being said, but more so it's an attempt to derail the conversation or it's an attempt for the person commenting to absolve themselves for responsibility/to distinguish themselves from those men who do X. 

The "not all men" argument is commonly used as a rebuttal for commentary of societal norms or issues.  For example, someone could post an article saying that men take on less responsibility for caring for the elderly.  Now, this is a true, scientifically studied, fact of life.  There are societal reasons and consequences for this.  When a man responds with "not all men" and goes on to describe his care for his elderly parents and that his sister has taken no responsibility, that isn't helpful to the conversation.  It's an interruption that derails the conversation.  It would be the same as if in a social science based subreddit someone posted an article about facial symmetry and attractiveness, saying people who have symmetrical faces are more attractive, and someone responded, "Not all people who have symmetrical faces are attractive.  I think X celeb who has a symmetric face is ugly." True? I'm sure it is, but no one was ever saying every single experience fits the general societal norm.  People are saying, "Look, here's an issue in which women are getting the short end of this stick." The relevant conversation around that is what that experience looks like, why is that happening, and what can we do to change it.  It's not "But, I'm a man and I have a short stick too! Let's talk about that!" 

I would argue that this is a violation of rule 4.  It's not relevant to our experience as women and it's not about women.  It's relevant to men's experience and is about shifting a conversation about women onto men.

The other common time it is brought up is when a woman is talking about her personal experience.  Hypothetical example: "I was told by a male hairdresser that I shouldn't cut my hair off because boys wouldn't like me."  A response such as, "Not all men are like that. I know that some male hairdressers would be happy to cut your hair how you like it." doesn't add to the conversation.  It doesn't change what happened to that person and it doesn't change the fact that women are repeatedly told throughout their life times that they need long hair to be beautiful and to attract men. It's just not relevant.

The only time when the "not all men" response would be appropriate (especially in a space intended for women's perspectives) is when someone has made a tactless post generalizing gender. "All men suck!", in which case, the best response would be hitting report and pointing out that is a violation of rule 3. "No tactless posts generalizing gender."

We have a rule banning posts for which the "Not all men" reponse holds value.  As such, the "not all men" response is not appropriate in this subreddit.  I suggest we have a FAQ section, as other members have suggested, and also a list of discouraged comments with links explaining why they are discouraged and possible, more appropriate ways to address issues and engage in constructive debate.