Ok, so let's talk about language; I love me some language, and I love me some language talks.

Slut-shaming and misogyny both fall under one word: sexism.  None of the three mean the same thing, but both slut-shaming and misogyny are sexist.

Sexism, by the academic and sociological definitions, is the discrimination against and oppression of women, who are in a disadvantaged social position due to their "sex." (/gender)

One cannot be sexist against men, as they are in the position of advantage in terms of "sex" (/gender), but one *can* be bigoted against them.  Still, we can't be sexist against them. 

Misogyny is specifically hatred of women.  While misogyny is certainly a component of sexism, sexism is not necessarily misogyny. Benevolent sexism is not misogynistic, but contributes to the perpetuation of misogyny and sexism, as well as slut-shaming.  

Benevolent sexism is best understood as the simultaneous elevation and devaluing of women to a status that is both super-human and sub-human.  It takes many forms, but some of the most common include ideas that women are inherently kinder, gentler people than men, and that women are also more emotional and delicate than men, so we need men's protection from the harsh world.  Benevolent sexism isn't misogynistic at all, but it is still entirely sexist.

Slut-shaming is a sexist act that specifically targets women and girls based on sexuality and sexual characteristics.  The word "slut" itself has a long linguistic history. Chaucer first used it to describe a sloppy man, then it became used to refer to scullery maids, which cemented its association w/ the feminine. Now, its connoted meaning is a woman who has sex or is sexy in a way that society abhors.

But as sorry_ari notes, this is a nebulous concept.  There is no universally accepted sexual standard that women can adhere to to avoid being slut-shamed. So slut-shaming reveals itself to be a sexist mean to exert power over women and girls, who are oppressed. 

There is no need to apply parameters to the sexual activity of "sluts."  It is specifically this lack of specificity that makes slut-shaming possible.   No one is checking anyone's sex-passport to see how many trips she's made.  A woman or girl can be called a slut for any reason.  The word "slut" is an oppressive tool to control women and girls and keep us "in our place."

Thus, the term slut-shaming is useful.  It identifies a specific tool of oppression, which is part of the sexist machine, and shames the sexist machine by pointing out that the act of calling a woman or girl a slut is an attempt to shame her, and by shaming her, it is an attempt to instill fear in all women and girls, lest they be dealt the same fate.  Invoking this fear in all women and girls through the "examples" helps keep all women and girls in a disempowered position.  

Is slut-shaming misogynist? Yes, in most cases, yes.  But are the two the same? No. But they are in bed together, slutting it up for sexism.