> One could interpret it that way, but I wouldn't, because it would be far too simplistic to claim that there was a single root cause. Human actions have complex causes. I would rather give the author the benfit of the doubt.

You had me right up to the last sentence there... If you believe that there was no single root cause and that there are complex causes, how can it be okay to think it is responsible or even reasonable to say "the killings were misogynist extremism" less than two-days after the event?

> When Penny writes "The ideology behind these attacks - and there is ideology - is simple"

You missed what she wrote afterwards: 'Women owe men. Women, as a class, as a sex, owe men sex, love, attention, “adoration”, in Rodger’s words.'

Which is a gross oversimplification of his thinking. He clearly felt the *world* owed *him* many things, amongst that was "adoration" (and he pointed to his brother as "one of the few people who treated me with adoration", so it's not like he thought he was owed it by more than just women). He is more than clear that he feels most males are undeserving of what "adoration" they do get. He perceived female attention as a way of establishing a man's social standing (not the other way around), which if anything is anti-misogynist.

"we owe them respect and obedience, and our refusal to give it to them is to blame for their anger, their violence" --given how he reacts to his parents divorce and various relationships around him, he is shockingly unperturbed by the lack of "obedience/respect" women show to other men.

"the conviction that men have been denied a birthright to easy power"... again, he shows no such conviction. It seems any man or woman he perceives as having had an easy time of it is underserving of it, and has hateful feelings about the injustice of the world giving to them and not him.

Honestly, I think the bile expressed in the column is appropriate, as is viewing the whole event through the lens of misogyny. It's speaking of a world that many, many people live in, and writing from that vantage point is relevant.

I do take issue with the conclusive tone and the selective presentation of information (yes, I'm fighting fire with fire ;-).