I didn't imagine anger.  I was reacting to the suggestion that "The 14 year old has some explaining to do in that regard."  It doesn't matter if that comes out of anger, the point is that it blames her and makes her feel shamed and in the wrong.  That's harmful and inappropriate.  It adds insult to someone who was already insulted, and it doesn't help her for the future either, just hurts her.

> As soon as I hear swimsuits, I'd nope right out of there because that would hit an alarm I'm my head that something is not right.

So, we don't know the details of this situation well enough to be absolutely sure.  Maybe there was a context in which it made sense to shop for swimsuits.  More likely not, but we're not sure.  It's quite possible that this was a warning sign, and it's possible she missed it or ignored it.  Or maybe not; maybe she did something about it or prepared herself.  We don't have the full story.

If it was indeed the warning sign it looks like from the brief version of the story, and if indeed she either missed it or ignored it, then it would certainly be helpful to, as I said above, use this as a learning opportunity.  She's 14, and certainly still has some skills to develop.  But using this as a learning opportunity is not the same thing as saying "she has some explaining to do" or blaming her for acting badly.  She didn't do wrong, she just missed something that could've helped her avoid an unpleasant situation.  Blaming or shaming her for it would just make her life worse.

If you react to risks by beating people into never taking them, you spread paranoia that disadvantage people.  It's not the right approach, *especially* if you have a deep concern about your child's growth and development.  You'd want them to be confident and explore and make connections, and not feel like if they've been burned that means they should've avoided the world altogether because an occasional exploration might put them in contact with someone who'll act badly toward them.  If you try to "protect" them at the expense of them being afraid to reach out, that's a huge and unnecessary handicap.  It'll hurt far far more than it'll help.