A lot of this is cultural.  I grew up in an area where I would really only get treated that way when I took the bus or walked by construction workers.  The rest of the time, men would stare at me or try to catch my eye and smile, but not be nasty.  I ended up moving to another city for a few years, and even though I was in a reasonably good area of town, I literally could not walk the two blocks from my home to my workplace in totally normal office clothes without getting screamed at or solicited for prostitution.  Like you, I stopped going out.  I couldn't face it anymore.  It was crippling.  My local social support network shrank to fewer people than I could count on one hand, which only compounded the problem.  I became deeply depressed as I watched my life crumble around me.

Eventually I escaped to yet another city, but this one was very liberal and LGBTQ-friendly, and no matter where I walk here, no matter how bad an area it is, I do not get sexually harassed.  People stare, sure, and there are panhandlers, and then there are crazy people who yell random shit at whoever is around, but there's nothing gendered about it.  The only time anyone ever yelled anything suggestive at me here, it was just, "Damn girl, you know how to dress!" which felt nice at that moment, because I actually had spent some effort on my attire that day.  I go out whenever I feel like it now, and people leave me the hell alone.  It's an incredible feeling of freedom.

Leaving the city where I was being constantly harassed was one of the best decisions I've ever made.

I know you shouldn't have to change anything about yourself or your life to just be left in peace, but you already are.  You're avoiding going out as your way of attaining that breathing room.  I just want to point out that there might be other, more effective ways of changing yourself, ways that don't involve hiding indoors for the rest of your life.  Just because you shouldn't have to, doesn't mean you shouldn't.

I wish you the best.