Dusty old dinosaur mod reporting.  Here are the historical reasons why IFF was created (and will be around for the foreseeable future).

Once upon a time, /r/TwoXChromosomes was a small community of a few hundred people - a little girly treehouse with very few rules where the posts were equal parts serious gender discussion, rage comics, nailpolish tutorials, period shit naming threads, scientific debate and rainbow cupcake images.  Because the community was so small and tight-knit, there was always a balance of different posts on the front page.  We are not and were not exclusively a gender-politics sub, and as much as possible, we'd like to welcome any and all posts that relate to the female experience - posts about your manicures and new trucks are as welcome as posts about date rape or equal pay.

However, as the community has grown, our "frivolous" posts, particularly image posts, started to drown out any serious discussion  Eventually, it got to the point where not only was our frontpage constantly flooded with image posts, but they'd *trend* for weeks at a time. A couple people would post a picture of their rainbow cupcakes, and everyone would start baking rainbow cupcakes and posting pictures of them on /r/TwoXChromosomes.  We'd get two weeks of being /r/rainbowcupcakes, followed by a week of /r/picsofmygrandma, followed by two weeks of /r/nerdymanicure and then a week of /r/lookatmyhaircut. We WANT those posts to be a substantial part of our community, but we want some room for other things too. 

In order to control the trending madness of the image posts, a couple years ago we instituted a rule constricting image posts to a single day of the week, so that we'd get to see both the silly image posts and the more serious content.  This was a BIG DEAL at the time - if anything, the uproar was louder than what we recently saw over the decision to join the defaults.  We were accused of being power-hungry tyrants trying to sap the joy out of the community.  Several groups splintered off to form their own subreddits where pics are welcome every day (if you'd like some lighter fare Saturday-Thursday, those communities are linked on our sidebar, and they're great fun).  

Silly images have always been a substantial part of this subreddit.  In so far as IFF keeps the lighthearted/silly side of /r/TwoXChromosomes alive, it is important to many of our users, and to the mod team. If you find the images overwhelming on Fridays, you can browse for posts *not* tagged with [IFF], which should cut down most of the images.