I would agree that it's likely that he has some form of mental illness. I would expect it to be anxiety rather than depression (I have no medical qualifications but a fair amount of experience with both.). 

Bringing it up is tough, I found [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/webcomics/comments/1e7siu/) was a fairly good explanation of how people see it vs how the sufferer sees it. I think it is important to talk about it though. If you need to approach it softly then do so but I would expect him to appreciate telling someone about it. 

Therapy is an interesting one, I have been to counselling and a pdoc. Some of them I clicked with and some of them I didn't. I eventually found that having a proper support network is incredibly important though. 

"it's private, it's his problem" - couldn't be further from the truth. Part of mental health issues is you put all of the stresses on yourself and don't want to bother people with your "petty" problems. This affects you massively, you are a large part of his life and his actions and feelings will have an effect on you. I have hurt people more seriously than I have hurt myself - I was able to be corrected once diagnosed (6-7 years) and some people still can't bear to look me in the eye or have any contact with me (4+ years). 

You should consider going to get some councilling yourself. A professional will be able to give you better advice on how to deal with living with something like this. I wish there was more emphasis on the support of people who support us head cases.. I feel bad for what my family went through every day. 

The most important thing I think you can do when approaching this situation is never forget that it is not his fault. If you ever start to think it then it is already too late. I was constantly looking for signs that people felt like this and could tell in an instant (sometimes making it up entirely) when someone thought that way.. this makes you shut down further. 

As the comic says, I think the best way to support him is patience and reassurance. I think letting him know that you are thinking about counselling is good or bad depending on the delivery, if he realizes that it is not a big deal to have a professional to talk to work shit out in your head it will likely make him more open to the idea. NEVER EVER TRY TO MAKE HIM DO IT THOUGH.

If you want to ask  anything more specific, I am a long term sufferer and make a point in life of trying to help people with similar problem, so please don't hesitate. 