> I can't speak for the people who gave you flak, but IMO using the "not all men" argument shifts the discussion away from the general subject (sexism, rape, discrimination) and onto the speaker as an individual. Regardless of its intention, it can come across as "well, I don't do this so your complaint isn't valid." 

I was very careful to not to diminish the original incident or derail. I said it over and over. The conversation had shifted gears and became about the discussion itself. Most of the comments I got didn't even address what I was saying, which I found interesting. I'm relatively confident in my reasoning but, merits of my argument aside, I was surprised at the way people immediately amped things up to 11. I was polite throughout (I returned some minor snark in kind) and I was making an *honest* argument. I was discussing in good faith. I was just a bit shocked to see what I consider a very middle ground approach attract such vitriol.

>It can also be an argument that people jump to a bit too quickly. For example, someone may be quick to say that he as an individual does not benefit from male-privilege (and this may be his genuine view), but if he were willing to engage in the discussion he may discover that he does benefit in ways he didn't realize. Or his belief may be reaffirmed -- but at least a sincere discussion happened.

>The linked article sums it up well: "The Not-All-Man hero and his minions are paralyzingly obsessed with protecting their own self-concept, to a degree that prevents them from engaging in sincere discussion."

I think you're correct here on both counts. No one likes to have their self-concept challenged. Ironically, I think the more rabid "social justice warriors" suffer the exact same problem, at least in the context of online debates. When you've styled yourself as morally superior, it can be difficult to empathize with anyone who disagrees with you because clearly your arguments are more virtuous because they're yours. It also makes you disinclined to accept half-steps, which are better than no-steps, as far as I'm concerned.

