I think you have to accept after a certain point for many relationships and many kinds of grief there is no such thing as closure. 

People who break up with others were at some point attached, that decreases their likihood of telling you something that is going to be hurtful - the reason they broke up with you. If the ex continues to force contact, that for many (especially women) is as threatening, and someone who's scared isn't going to say something that might make the other party angry. Chasing after closure makes you less likely to get it and risks making the other person afraid for their safety.

Some relationships have no closure. Sometimes people fall out of love, lose their attraction, realize they're no longer a good fit. There's no specific reason they can give you, something you can fix, a penultimate moment or reason that explains the breakdown of the relationship. When the other party has to closure to give you, it's unfair to expect them to invest in you emotionally when they're in the process of detaching. They don't owe you closure, and if they don't give you something you can use as closure you are the one who has to find it for yourself. 

That's where you need to be more open with your friends emotionally and talk to them and see if you can piece together closure for yourself. Or, you can learn to move on and accept that you don't need 'closure' to get over a relationship.

Harassing someone to be your friend when they don't want to be in contact with you in unfair. It's scary or anxiety provoking when you want someone to leave you alone and they keep contacting you insisting you owe them emotional support and you're a nasty person for wanting to live your life free of them. One party is sad and/or angry without contact. The other feels safe and happy and stress free with no contact and becomes unsafe and/or unhappy and/or anxious or depressed with contact. In that case it's easier for the person to learn to stop being sad with no contact than to expect someone forced into contact they don't want to learn to feel safe and stress free with it.

Also, it can help to read [this piece about why nobody has to stay friends with an ex](http://captainawkward.com/2011/04/18/blanket-statement-monday-you-dont-have-to-be-friends-with-your-ex/)