I'm actually kind of similar to your friend in a sense so I'll explain things from my point of view. I usually don't initiate contact with my friends unless I specifically have something to say, just because otherwise it doesn't cross my mind. I'm kind of just content in my own little world. I don't really initiate talk for the sake of talking, and I don't like small talk, but if someone were to start a random conversation with me, that's fine. It's just not something I do, unless I have something to say. 

It's pretty hard to describe to be honest.. it's just the way my mind works. Most of the time I'm content being by myself and not talking with anyone, because I'm an introvert. Same with making plans, I'm just not necessarily bothered whether something happens or not, so I don't make them unless I really want to do something. I feel like you might be an extrovert and enjoy talking in general more than her, maybe.

BUT I have been on the other side. A few years ago I had a friend who would NEVER talk to me, and I was literally the only one making an effort for an entire year. It was definitely a change from how she used to be. I even brought it up with her - like she was making zero effort. She disagreed, but I eventually just had enough and stopped talking to her, figuring if she wanted to be my friend then she'd make contact. We aren't friends anymore. I've had other friends like that, that would just never talk to me, and it resulted in not being friends any more. Or maybe both of us were just non-initiators and we weren't close enough to keep the friendship going.

So it could be kind of confusing as to which of these situations it is, but I think it is the first. Like does she ask you for advice? Tell you stuff? Laugh with you? Or is she disinterested? If she seems like she definitely does like being around you, she just isn't an initiator, I think you just have to accept that that's what she's like.

The present thing however is a bit weird, maybe the next time that happens you could ask her what her reasoning behind that is. Maybe she feels bad about the presents and is worried that you won't like them.