As a chick working in a male dominated industry-- that whole men ignoring you or just humoring you when you're talking-- *that*.

I find that once I get to know the guy in question, that dies away. But when you're working with a guy you just met? SO frustrating sometimes.

My all-time most ridiculous example:

As a telecom technician I spent like five hours one day helping some HVAC contractors hook up the HVAC control system in a new building. At that time, I was the go-to person in my office for dealing with HVAC controllers-- I had memorized the three controller models that most of our buildings had and I had gone to the trouble of downloading and *actually reading* the manuals for each of these controllers. I knew those fuckers back to front and I'd helped contractors from the same company install them in half a dozen other buildings.

But on this one fucking day it so happened that the owner of the contracting company was at the site, personally overseeing the installation of the new HVAC stuff.

Somewhere along the way, we hit a snag. Its been too long now, I can't remember exactly what the issue was, but I know I spent about two hours trying to explain to the contractor-owner-guy over, and over, and over, and over again that I could see perfectly clearly where the snag was, but I couldn't fix it because it was an issue with the controller software and that's not my job (as a technician of any kind, you're taking a big risk by attempting to fix something that its not your job to fix-- even if you *know* exactly what is wrong and could/would have easily fixed it if it were only within your purview).

I tried to walk his technicians through it but they *really* didn't understand the software (in their defense, software written for things like utility controllers is generally difficult and obnoxious) (*not* in their defense-- it seemed like every time I worked with this company, they had a new tech and none of their techs *ever* had a clue how these controllers were supposed to work even though supposedly installing and fixing these things is basically what they do all day)... And, to be honest, I think having the owner-guy on the site was making his techs extra nervous-- I actually felt bad for them.

*Anyway*... Eventually the whole thing boiled down to me using my cell phone, my fluke and my laptop in an attempt to demonstrate to owner-guy what the fuck was wrong. (I mean... it was seriously ridiculous... I was using my phone as a remote terminal to demonstrate why connections outside the local network weren't getting through-- and this was at a time when I was still the only person I knew who actually used the terminal on their cell phone-- I guess I kinda feel like, on the basis of that alone, owner-guy should have just been like, 'oh, okay, i see that you know way more than i do about this stuff. i will just calmly accept this and take your advice now'.)

Finally it was getting dangerously close to quitting time for me and I didn't get overtime and I had no desire to just chill with this asshole out of the goodness of my heart-- so I called up one of the other techs in the office (they were all guys at the time) and had this conversation (out of owner-guy's hearing range):

me: hey, i've been stuck in this building working on this stupid issue for five hours but this guy won't listen to me or let me leave until its fixed-- and i can't fix it because xyz. BUT i have a hunch that maybe if you just come over here and repeat to him everything i've been saying for the last two hours, he'll like it better since you're a dude.

other_tech: sure. just tell me exactly what you want me to say.

me: just explain to him that xyzishblahblah is the problem.

other_tech: cool. be there in 10.

And, as you've surely guessed by now, the other tech came over, spent fifteen minutes saying exactly what I'd told him to say, and what do you know? Owner-guy makes no more arguments, just accepts it, thanks us, and we go back to our office.

Le sigh.

/rant

**tl;dr spent a lot of time trying to explain something technical to an annoying_guy. he wouldn't listen. so i called another man to come and repeat my explanation to annoying_guy. boom. message received.** 
