If you're both surprisingly sure, there shouldn't be any problem waiting. I'm 22, I got married at 21. I LOVE my husband and I'm so excited to see how the rest of our life plays out, but I'm from the US and hes from the UK and we cant BE together unless we're married. Did I want to be married at 21? No, and I can say that without feeling guilty. 

Promising your life to someone, your ENTIRE future, is such a huge step. You're tying your self to someone and jumping into the ocean, hoping to god you can swim together. 

You're so young now, you're not even 21 yet and a lot of stuff changes at 21. Yes, the big 21 lets you drink legally. You might find that once you can go out with your friends, you dont want to be tied down like that. And you can say that your feelings wont change, but really you DONT know. These next few years, you're going to grow SOSOSO much. Your ideas on the world will change, your sense of self and who you are/what you stand for will change. 

If he isn't actively supporting himself, he isn't ready for marriage. 

And last but not least, it seems you two are romanticising marriage. Its not all lovey dovey, its not about finally having sex, or finally living together. Its about knowing that you would want him to be the father of your children (if you two decide to have them, and if you do decide to have children do your ideas on how to raise them match up?) and reflecting the same qualities as him, being on the same page when it comes to finances. What are his spending habits? Does he want nice things with less extra cash for emergencies/spending money? Or can he settle for less expensive things with extra cash for emergencies and being able to go out to the movies once in awhile? Will you two share bank accounts or separate? Does he have set goals for the future, do you? Do your goals match or would they conflict? Hows your communication? 

There are just sososo many things to talk about and learn about each other and still so much to learn about yourself as a person. Personally, I would give it another year and then have the marriage discussion again. And no hun, you're so not crazy, its a natural thing to want to be married. But i think a lot of times people jump into a marriage not realizing what being married ACTUALLY means. Its forgiving the other person, even when you dont want to. Its learning to choose your battles wisely, and being selfless. Its giving all to the other person and trusting they'll do the same back for you. Its accepting those pet peeves they do, and learning that sometimes its just easier to let something go than make a big deal about it. 