I am a pharmacist, and while I agree with some of the things you have posted I would like to correct the misnomers you have posted. 

1.  Antibiotics and birth control efficacy has been a long standing debate.l Please allow me to clarify the current literature for you. Ethinyl Estradiol (EE) undergoes extensive first pass metabolism that provides you with two conjugate drugs. These metabolites can be hydrolyzed by intestional bacteria to EE allowing for resorption. For this reason SOME antibacterial agents can have effect on BC efficacy.  Less estrogen in circulation means decreased CHC efficacy. However, due to the novel routes of drug administration and increased bio-availability of the newer generation estrogens this is less of a concern. The main antibiotic-CHC interaction concerns Rifampin, which has been shown in numerous clinical trials to decrease CHC efficacy. Most other antibiotics are safe to use with your birth control. However, the more conservative approach always cites back-up as a good idea. But what I am saying from a clinician standpoint is this should be less of a huge worry for women in general. 

2. The Estrogen component of CHCs is supplied mostly to provide better cycle control, it has some contraceptive effects by suppressing FSH release but this plays a small role in the prevention of pregnancy. 

3. To clarify how Progestins work in the body: They provide the  majority of contraceptive effects for CHCs via 2 major mechanisms:
       1. Suppression of Ovulation:  Inhibit ovulation via suppressing release of GnRH from Hypothalamus therefore preventing Mid-menstrual cycle FSH & LH peaks (Necessary for Ova development/release)
         2. Thickening of Cervical Mucosa: Inhibits sperm penetration of upper genital tract
➤Additionally Progestins may transform endometrium into unsuitable environment for embryo implantation → Literature states that the significance of this mechanism is unclear. 

4. You forgot to mention the plethora of other options available to everyone such as: Implanon (Subdermal Arm implant), DMPA (The shot), Nuva-Ring (The Ring), Ortho-Evra (The Patch), and IUD/IUS. 

5. If you smoke, you are at an increased risk of thromboembolism if you are taking birth control. 

6. If you are obese (BMI >30): The patch and POPs have a decreased efficacy for these ladies and CHC's yield an increased risk for thromboembolism as well. It's recommended that you try an IUD/IUS or the Depo shot. 

8. All medication has adverse effects. CHC regimens should be continued for at least 3 months before adjustments made based on adverse effects because it takes an average of 3 months to achieve new homeostasis.

9. If vomiting occurs within 2 hours of taking pill OR if severe vomiting/diarrhea is experienced for greater than or equal to 2 days you should treat these situations as if you  have missed a pill. 

10. If you are using a POP: A “Missed Dose” = missing a pill by 3 hours. 
If POP is taken more than 3 hours late ⇒  you should use a backup method of contraception for 48 hours.





