I need to clarify. My intention was not to say you are being a bad friend or not being there for her. I was just saying that most of us hide behind our phones.

I have been in your exact situation before. We didn't tell anyone, it was her choice and I always supported it 110%, I never even brought up the topic because at the end of the day telling all these people made no difference. I was there for the breakdowns both public and behind closed doors. I answered every angry/crazed phone call/face time/text never with any resentment or annoyance. She told me every detail and as hard and as upsetting as it was I was always there. At first it upset me to what I thought was as much as her, I thought I might need to go to therapy too but then one day I realized why I was so upset. I knew it was because I cared deeply for this amazing person who was being torn apart by this tragedy. I realized just like her that I didn't want to face the truth of what happened, that I couldn't be there to protect her. And that weighed on me. Because the monster took something from me as well, and it was my beautiful/amazing/hilarious friend and I wanted her back. But then I realized that I can't be upset anymore, because I need to be there for her and continuously remind her of the person she was before everything happened. I realized that being upset by it was counterproductive. How could I expect her to be better if I am not? And it didn't even happen to me.

One day we got to that point. We didn't need to talk about it. She laughed again, smiled again, even did things that would otherwise remind her of it and was completely normal. It didn't take as long as you would think. I had a job that allowed me to be flexible, I was patient with her. I told her some tough stuff, sometimes she got upset with me but I never wavered. I told her what she needed to hear when appropriate. Sometimes on those really really bad days I just held her because that's all you can do and honestly that's all that needed to be done. I never ever made her feel like it was bothering me, or that I was too busy, or that I had other priorities. And if you can't do that then you should back off, because it just gives her one more thing to be upset about. Because the weeks/months that this is consuming all of your time, you help change her life forever. To me nothing else mattered, she wasn't even my best friend at the time, it just happened to be me at the right place and right time. But I knew nothing in my life was as important as helping someone get through the worst part in theirs. 

Since I'm now spewing my life experience to you:

What I found that worked the best when she was having a massive breakdown was asking questions. If she told you what happened already, the details, then ask again. If she's talking about what happened, inquire about it. Don't just let her spew words out in a crazy rage as it's not productive. If something's bothering her make her say it, she will feel better. She knows you know, say more constructive things. If she's vaguely talking about THE MOMENT, make her say the details because she needs to get it out and accept it. It's going to be the more cringe worthy thing you will ever hear but it needs to happen. 

And if you are truly that close of friends you shouldn't be afraid to ask the hard questions or to upset her more. Because she will forgive you or won't even get mad. 

She will push you away, it will happen. You can't let it happen. You push back and tell her to knock it off ;) 

Going back to your original posting. The police thing is going to be an issue long term. Probably questioning why it happened that way? Why isn't anything being done? Tell her to focus on herself first. Don't let this evil monster take anymore from her. 

Most importantly. Talk to her about how YOU are feeling about this whole thing. She will probably feel better knowing about where you stand. It makes for good equal conversation and helps make her not feel like its "Me Me Me" the whole time.

<3

Now I am going to hug my BEST friend and remind myself what we accomplished together. we now volunteer at shelters and participate in events together as a way we celebrate what we accomplished together and hopefully return the favor to someone else. 

**Reach out to me if you have specific questions. Like I said, I have been through this before, I know exactly what you are dealing with. You are not the only one and won't be the only one. I'll say it again, this may feel all consuming but it's really not and soon won't be. And anyone else around you who can't respect this time is not worth keeping in your life**