I personally find that I sweat a lot overnight, so for me showering before bed doesn't always result in a fresh, clean smell in the morning.

Some things that I find helpful for me: shaving my underarms and trimming pubic hair.  I find that if I have longer hair in either place, it traps and holds onto the smell more.  It's also easier to get the skin clean.  Also: using a good-quality bodywash and bath "pouf" to get a good lather in the shower, and making sure to get between any folds of skin, where odor-causing bacteria like to hang out.  Make sure you have enough time between getting out of the shower and getting fully dressed for your skin to really dry out - I get some skin irritation (particularly bad around my belly button, it can also have a little odor to it) if I'm not careful about letting the skin fully dry before getting dressed.

As some other people mentioned, if you haven't been on top of cleaning, sheet changing, etc., that can contribute.  Even if your clothes are clean, if they have been hanging out in a room where the air is musty and other smells are lingering, they aren't going to smell super-fresh when you finally wear them.  I like to clean with diluted vinegar to help deodorize spaces.  If the weather is nice enough where you are, try opening the windows to let your place get a good airing out.  Try to wash your sheets every 2-3 weeks (more frequently if you can), and add in some white vinegar to the wash to help deodorize.

As far as the vaginal moisture goes - yes, it is normal.  I like to wear disposable pantiliners every day because it helps extend the life of my underwear and it's easy to change out a liner midday if I feel like I've been extra sweaty.  As I mentioned above, I also try to keep the hair trimmed short to minimize the accumulation of odors.

If you've tried all of these things for a few weeks and it is still and issue (maybe find a friend with a good nose and ask them to be frank with you about it?), try talking to your doctor.  Sometimes people can get skin infections that need some medical attention to resolve the odor.