I don't want to be discouraging, but I read [this](http://www.mentalhealth.com/dis/p20-pe05.html):

>Individuals with this disorder usually suffer from 2 or more psychiatric disorders. Thus, 2 years after therapy, even though two-thirds achieve diagnostic remission and significant increases in quality of life, 53% are neither employed nor in school, and 39% are still receiving psychiatric disability financial support. Pharmacotherapy can exert a modest beneficial effect on some core traits of borderline personality disorder.

>These emotionally unstable individuals need a long-term mentor to establish a stable, supportive relationship in which clear and consistent boundaries are established. This mentor must have the patience and strength to withstand the patient's many crises and limit-testing episodes. Communication should always be clear, honest, optimistic and directed towards teaching more mature coping skills. This mentor could be a primary care physician, or some other qualified therapist. 

.

This is purely my opinion, as I know almost nothing about the disease itself, but reading about it, three things come *immediately* to my mind:



1.  For this to work, she must be in therapy.  She needs a safe place to run to when things get too tough.  I would assume that it would be a mistake for this "place" to be you, because you're emotionally invested and probably can't distance yourself from the situation enough to help her.  So your primary concern should be that she is in constant therapy and meds (if prescribed).  Don't fall for the "I don't need meds / I'm OK / Therapy isn't working, etc."  Your relationship with her, in my opinion, should be contingent to her promise to stay in therapy and follow the treatments prescribed.

2. Talk to her doctors about children.  Is it advisable to have them?  Are there risks?  Be prepared to and make sure both of you can live with the answers that you get,

3. Take a good introspective look into your heart knowing that this is long term and that it is incurable.  It concerns me a little bit that you wrote this post because she was screaming.  I don't want to be judgmental. especially about something I don't understand quite well, but I think that there's a possibility that she will scream a lot.  Are you the person who is going to be there when things get really tough?  Can you take it?  The last thing she needs is a person walking in and out of a relationship with her, but you have to worry about yourself too.  You must know that relationships are hard, and yours will be harder than most.  This is a big responsibility. Don't kid yourself into thinking this isn't going to take a toll on you.  It will.  The question that needs to be answered with the utmost honesty here is:  Can you take it?


If you can, let me tell you, she is a damn lucky girl.  I admire you and wish you both all the luck in the world.  And one last thought:  Don't forget to take care of yourself.  Rightfully so, the assumption is that she will be the one who will be mostly taken care of, so make sure you have a support group and positive, encouraging people around you.  Ask for help when you need it and try to be involved in something you're really passionate about, so that you too, have a safe place to turn to when things get too tough.