>I’m not talking about distancing ourselves from those we casually date or asking for space after a breakup or simply choosing not to be friends with our exes. ***I’m talking about breaking off all contact with the most intimate person in our lives*** without civility — refusing to answer the phone, reply to emails, or acknowledge any aspect of their communication or needs — often without explanation.

[bolded for emphasis]

>Our relationship lasted four months.

Ok bro. 

> Following our breakup, she continued to say she wanted to be friends. At the last minute, she canceled our first night out as friends and tearfully said she needed a week of space. I left the ball in her court and didn’t hear back from her. She completely withdrew. It was a very painful time for me, and she later acknowledged that it was for her as well.

>After nearly a year of silence, I reached out to her and we began a series of conversations toward repairing our friendship. She said she had recently begun dating someone new and I think it was difficult for her to talk to me about our relationship. Her response was to withdraw again. There were misunderstandings and miscommunication.

There was no miscommunication. She didn't want to stay friends with an ex while dating somebody new. That's totally normal and OK. Lots of people do that. Frankly she doesn't need a reason beyond "I don't want to" but seriously? How socially dense are you? If there were misunderstandings it's because the author has the social capacity of a slug.

>She stopped responding to my email and when I called to inquire she blocked my number and emailed me to stop contacting her. Over a space of nine months, I wrote her two kind emails in the spirit of healing. Finally, she replied, “I do not want to see or hear from you ever again” and threatened to file an anti-harassment order against me. The open, thoughtful, communicative Emma I knew had vanished.

Spirit of healing for who? Him or her? She clearly moved on. The Emma he knew had vanished because she never existed in the first place. This dude spent two years pining after an ex. That's so much longer than the time they spend dating. He built an idea up of her in his head, creating a fantasy and couldn't deal with the fact that the real women he was putting that on didn't want to deal with him anymore. 

>In fact, to this day, I have only guesses to make sense of her hostility to me.

HOW ABOUT THE FACT THAT YOU DID NOT LEAVE HER ALONE WHEN SHE CLEARLY DID NOT WANT TO TALK TO YOU?

>I was raised by an abusive, likely bipolar mother. She physically abused me from age seven to fourteen. After she’d hit me, I would often sit alone in my room in complete disbelief that this was continuing to happen to me while adults who knew, such as my father and uncle, chose not to intervene.

>My mom regularly oscillated between loving and abusive behavior toward me but it took me nearly a year to realize exactly how Emma’s reversal had brought up my feelings of past trauma. After all she’d said about remaining friends, Emma’s withdrawal so shocked me that it reactivated my earlier experience of disbelief and suffering in isolation, essentially triggering episodes of post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).


How unbelievable unfair that statement is, not wanting to stay friends after a breakup and directly comparing it to your emotionally and physically abusive mother. Clearly that gave him attachment issues he needs to work out in therapy, not by demanding his ex pay attention to him. 

>Emma’s last note included the phrase, “Apparently, what I want seems irrelevant to you.” She didn’t realize the irony that what I wanted had long been irrelevant to her. 

Seriously? Seriously? You can't always get what you want in life. The person with more restrictive boundaries sets the rules because not wanting contact and being forced into or having your boundaries broken down is more upsetting then having someone refuse to expand their boundaries to fit where you want them to be. He's just so self obsessed. No wonder she went NC.

>I believe that most domestic violence is the result of men with trauma histories reacting to powerlessness in response to experiences with their ex, friends, or family. Certainly men are responsible for finding nonviolent ways to respond to feeling powerless, but culturally we need to understand the dynamics driving these kinds of situations if we’re to reduce them.

So he's saying it takes two to start a fight. Seriously? That's really telling about him as a person. That's so fucked up. 

[People should have a view more like Patrick Stewart. He witnessed DV firsthand as a kid and you can tell watching him it's still distressing people told his mom it takes two to start a fight when she did nothing to provoke his father.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqFaiVNuy1k)

>Trauma specialist Hala Khouri says, “If it’s hysterical, it’s often historical.” I view Emma’s threat of a court order in response to my letter in this light. Those with trauma in their background often can’t discern between the person triggering them and the original source of trauma. When difficult emotions arise, they may feel real feelings of threat and anxiety. Their brain may shift toward fight-or-flight mode. Cutoff can be a flight response that helps keep difficult emotions at bay.

So he admits to having trauma as a child, and Emma cutting off triggering that trauma, then goes on to imply she's the hysterical one because of past abuse. He's so dense. I can't even.

>Women want us to be passionate, masculine lovers, yet we’re expected to turn off our emotions and let go the moment we’re dumped. 

Uh, you are in regards of how you are emoting towards her in her presence. You can emote all you want with your friends but she's broken up with you. She no longer owes you anything emotionally. She can go NC if it helps her because she's no longer caring for you as part of the relationship unit. There's a reason men have funny crazy ex stories and women don't tend to. Because women's crazy exes tend to be violent enough to land them in jail after stalking, harming or killing them. Sure some women get violent when broken up with, but it's not on the same scale as with men.

>Some time after her final email, a date took me to a restaurant in which Emma happened to be waitressing.

>She grimaced when she saw me. Her expression seemed mixed with frustration and anger. She walked by our table about two dozen times without ever making eye contact. For nearly a year, I’d had only a couple of short email sentences saying she wanted no further contact with me. It was quite powerful to see emotion in her. Until that night, I didn’t realize how angry she is at me—but in person, it was obvious.

Going by someone's work place when they've asked you not to talk to them makes them angry. Your failure to grasp basic social realities is not a sign of her poor character but it says a lot about yours.

>When we don’t tell people why we’re angry at them, we’re also robbing them of a chance to apologize and make amends. I would like nothing better than to understand how I’ve hurt or upset Emma and to apologize and make repairs.

She's angry at you because you won't leave her alone.  
 
 



You're so over her you made a massive blog post about her not talking to you. Yup.
