1) Wear a fake wedding or engagement band.  This won't deter everyone but will short circuit a lot of interactions.  And you can be confident knowing that any man who ignores the ring is kind of a creeper and can be treated as such.

2) Practice small phrases that acknowledge the compliment and immediately change the subject.  "Thanks!  What brought you in here today?"  "This weather brings out the best in everyone.  What brings you to us today?" "Sweet of you to say.  What can we help you with today?"

In short, it sucks that it happens but if you project comfortableness even when you are not, it helps to move things along.  

3) Depersonalize everything.  Don't make "I" statements, make it all about the company and your co-workers.  "What can WE help you with?"  "What brought you into the store?"  "What do you like about <product>?"  "They don't like it when we can't make a sale.  If we can't interest you in a product then we have to move on."

4) Involve your co-workers- not in the actual interaction, but to let them know its not a thing you are courting, just a thing that happens to you (and them).  Don't frame it as dudes hitting on you, but frame it as customers being unprofessional, which everyone can relate to.  This one is tougher because other women might see you as a threat if you are pretty but having them on your side is invaluable. "That was so awkward.  How do you handle it when someone is being forward?"  "I hate it when people come in and then don't want to talk about the products.  How do you get people on track when you feel they are taking up too much of your time?" "I never know what to say to people who get personal.  Your interactions always seem to go smoothly and professionally.  Can we work out a signal where if I think a customer's conversation is going over the line, you can swing by and use your expertise to help them make a decision?"  

I've worked in retail/reception for years and the same qualities that get you hired- open, friendly, smiley- can work against you in a professional atmosphere when clients or customers take it the wrong way.  It took me years to feel at ease handling awkward interactions, but I worked hard at projecting an ease I didn't feel because the last thing I wanted was for it to become an even bigger thing.  My new go to to handle this is to say, "Hmm.  I don't know how to respond to that." and pleasantly smile without talking.  Silence makes people uncomfortable and I've found it one of the best ways to disrupt their "hitting on a girl" tunnel vision.  GL to you, sister. 