I can't say too much about what it's like for girls specifically in that situation, since I'm not a girl, but I think there is a huge, general problem with how people react to mentally ill teens, which is kind of caused by how adults react to teens in general. There is this very common attitude that all teenagers are somehow unhappy and that this means that they basically cannot suffer from actual clinical depression. This is wrong. There is also an attitude that it is supposedly *impossible* to take children's and teenagers' emotions and problems seriously, because they are so irrational, or because they would abuse any such attention, or because it "builds character" and they need to tough it out, etc.

There were at least three severely mentally ill kids in my class at high school, me included. I suffer from avoidant personality disorder and dropped out at 16 after a failed suicide attempt. During my entire time at school, my problems were mostly ignored, and when they weren't I was blamed and scolded for them. Same for a male friend of mine who eventually changed schools but continued to be very troubled. Teachers and parents did nothing but yell at him and blame him. The third one, a girl who self harmed and who I think may have had borderline p.d. also was treated like this and dropped out, giving up on her dreams of becoming a scientist.


People complain that "troubled teens" are acting dramatically to get attention. Thing is, how else are they going to get it? I said so many times that I hate school; "many kids do, that's normal." I said so many times that I'm sad; "there's no reason to be sad". I said so many times that I'm scared; "that's normal during this phase, you'll get used to it".

When a child or teen injures themselves, or in the thankfully rare cases of school shooting or such when they harm others, all the adults are so shocked, and everybody keeps on asking, "how could this happen?"

It could happen because nobody takes the problems of young people seriously until it ends in some kind of visible, physical catastrophe, and this needs to change. So maybe when a teenager constantly seems down or depressed, talk to them, instead of calling them "emo" or "histrionic" and accusing them of trying to get attention. Maybe they need attention, and then it's the duty of teachers and parents to give it to them.