There have been threads on Reddit in the past where men have expressed some of their problems in a way to have them understood, and I find that fascinating and important. And a lot of men actually listen to women who explain the kind of struggles they face everyday, and done their best to understand.

I'm a white cis women, relatively straight as far as I know, technically atheist but raised in a very vaguely catholic household. I do not know the struggles of non-white people, especially those who live in a perceive white majority; I don't know the exact struggles of men, of trans people, of gay, bi, asexual, queer and genderqueer people. I don't know the struggles of a Muslim woman, in western societies or elsewhere. I have my reality, which is constrained by who I am, and how I've lived.

What annoys me most in any debate opposing two of the aforementioned groups is when arguments try to invalidate someone else's reality because of their own. In the debate on feminism, it's usually in the form of "women are overreacting" and "that perpetual fear is irrational and unfounded". It's actually how I realized that we don't instinctively perceive other people's realities, because we assume our own is pretty much how everyone experiences theirs.

I've taken to try to watch for PoC representation in stories, especially in movies. And now I'm starting to understand why people are angry. I've listened to my trans friend, and my asexual friends, and my bisexual friends, and I've begun to understand their struggles with their peers, with society and representation. My little corner of the world recently has had trouble with legislation that would put non-Christians at a high disadvantage, and through the feedback of the people it was aimed at, I've had a glimpse of how they live their faith.

It is a LOT to take in. It sucks out fun of a LOT of entertainment. But the understanding that comes with it, and passing on that information to help people become more aware of what they do and how they affect others and themselves is important.

Sorry for the wall of text. It's late and I was in need of writing positive stuff. It's been a long day...