> Some lovely and considerate man decided to let me know that I was invalidly reacting based on an experience that, essentially, is not my own.

I have a different perspective. I really empathize with your issue, I have deep, personal experience with it.

If certain material, images real or descriptive, will reliably cause an overwhelmingly powerful reaction in you, to the point where you can't keep it together then it's truly a serious problem. The cause is completely irrelevant. The mind is a strange machine, and the most bizarre things can be anchored there.

> If someone had simply said [...] maybe I could have kept it together. [...] Regardless, I would have been a little better prepared.

Unless you're just making this up for attention and sympathy, a warning is useless. I'm going to take you at your word, it's real: It's not "oh no, my feels", it's "oh my god I will vomit or faint"

What are you going to do? Run away every time it comes up? Unfortunately, you can't.

At first I just tried to avoid it, but life is long and hard as I tried it would get me anyway. Sometimes, I just couldn't see it coming. Maybe I'm watching a lecture, and it hits me. Maybe I'm reading a book, and bam, this thought has infected my mind. Even when I stop reading it only grows. It's paralyzing. 

> First of all, I'm 25 and a completely independent adult, and as far as I know, I have not been "obliterated".

The difference between children and adults is that we adults can control ourselves. If you lose control you are effectively a child. There's very little point in debating whether whatever created the problem is "valid" or "justified". All that matters is whether or not you can cope. Adults cope. Children don't. Can you look at and discuss images of sexual violence without being involuntarily rendered into a helpless child?

If not, better do something because there are too many opportunities to be exposed to those topics and images over the coming *decades* of your life.

> Is it really that outrageous that the immediate family member of a rape victim would not want to look at pictures of sexual violence while they were still in the process of coping?

Happily, I no longer have this problem. I collected videos and images of what bothered me and consumed them, in the privacy and comfort of my home, until I was completely desensitized to it. I don't need any warnings and no longer have fear. It wasn't a fun process, but definitely worth it.

Medical students suffer this all the time. Watching videos of a living human being cut open and all the blood and gore that is surgery isn't pleasant. They routinely run to the bathroom to vomit and they faint in class. No amount of logic or rationalizing can help. Such imagery triggers a physical reaction in some people. There's nothing to do but face it and conquer it. Begging for warnings or running is just not an option.