This is such a tough one. I am a recruiter (a female white 25 year old one, since it seems pertinent to this discussion).  I have noticed at more than one workplace that black women are maybe the most blatantly discriminated against group when it comes to hiring. Which fucking sucks for black women. And even if I'm the most millenial, non-racist recruiter in the world, there's not always a TON I can do about it - if my hiring manager is subconsciously (or consciously) racist, they may not like a black woman candidate as much -- and black women get the worst references! What if their past employer was a tad racist? 

At my last job, 3 of the recruiters on my team were black women for the record, and I use to have these long talks with one of them about race. She nearly got fired there because she DIDN'T temper herself, and she ended up going to a Fortune 500 company, where this kind of petty shit seems less common.

But, in reality, my advice for you is to PLAY THE GAME. All of us have to do it to succeed in mainstream work culture - male, female, black, white. I certainly have to do it.  Your workplace persona is NOT being yourself - it is a STRATEGY.  Maybe your actual personality is not to bake cupcakes for the office, but if it's a good career strategy, just fuckin' do it, you know?  Working in this culture CAN be degrading for anyone, if it really bothers you to feel fake. But if you don't want to do it, you're just not going to rise in the ranks. As a recruiter, I would never hire someone who doesn't seem aware of this -who can't suck it up and get along with anyone, who can't use the standard resume protocols even if everything on the resume content wise sounds good. An outlier personality may be a bomb ass person but they don't make a company run smoothly.  After all we are all kinda of there as drones ;)

So, of COURSE you have to "play passive," or when you are being aggressive, do so extremely tactfully and strategically. The quality of your work is only half of it. Connections are key and you have to go out of your way to make them, even with people you don't like.