Well they are right...

For starters, most of these stories are about breakups. Suggesting this is due to 'refusing sex' is merely reducing every woman's worth and relationship into how much sex she can provide (Which is ironically the same objectification that this is claiming to 'counter'.). Many different emotions (rejection of something you care about, heart break, or even loss of control) are responsible for leading to acts of passion.

Considering that very rarely do these people go on to suggest that the 'lack of sex' (There is however objectification and entitlement going on, but generally to the woman and relationship as a whole), suggesting that these are in the same ball park is straight up incorrect.

Secondly, even if they were the case, these in themselves are 'anecdotes'. I can go out and google search for similar cases of the opposite sex, and find plenty, such as: 

http://wordondastreet.com/girlfriend-kills-boyfriend-tweeting-wcw-k-woman-crush-wednesday/

----

Now, I will punctuate this with the fact that when we only use actual statistics women are at a far higher risk of 'murder of passion:

https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/116352/hosb1210-chap3.pdf

Page 61 has the tables.

Women are more at risk are in their own homes (74 vs 212), making it a  25/75% split in favour? of the women. However it is also worth nothing that this is 286 deaths in a population of 60 MILLION. That is less than 5 deaths per million people a year. To put this into context, on average 217 people a year will die when involved in a vehicle crash involving an animal (Such as hitting a deer). Yet you'd hardly call that a 'society wide issue'.

Remember, violent crime of all kinds is on the sharp decrease, regardless of what the media may claim.

Edit: I used incorrect stats originally, I used the USA road statistics, but the UK crime statistics, which is my bad. To use a better statistic, 200 people a year die from drowning in the UK, yet this is hardly considered a societal problem.