Have you considered a Unitarian church? No dogma, no "beliefs" required.  All faiths or lack of are accepted, (including agnostics and atheists.) Each UU church is unique so if the first one you try doesn't work, check out another.  

How about a book club? Gardening? 
Running club? Hiking club?   (Or what kind of work-out do you like to do?) none of those cost anything to join. 

Have you considered volunteering while you are job hunting? Great way to meet people, especially if you pick something that is close to your heart (you can find volunteer-gig databases online that match people with their interests and mission-based organizations, also onCraig's list.)  Consider looking for alignment between your volunteer opportunities and your professional skills, since you may also find exposure to employers this way.

Consider taking a free or low cost class-- community colleges and universities often have free or very low cost classes.  Another great way to find people who share your interests.

Craig's list has a section for people seeking friends.  Purely for friendship.   I agree about "meet-up." That can work really well to expand your social network.

There are several Facebook and on-one communities that help build friendships.  Buy-Nothing is a Facebook based group that is neighborhood/geography based.  Good way to meet new people, no cost ever, and since it's neighborhood based those new faces will be close to home for you and easy to get together with.

You say you have always had a hard time making friends with women.  I like guys plenty, but my women friends are a treasure.  You are missing out! Consider asking your closest friends to give you some feedback about why you might have a challenge with this,  ask for compassion, honesty and candor. 

Do you have any interests in social justice? Politics? The environment? Vegetarianism?  What do you care about? Like-minded people often find each other through activism (or simple group activities) in "causes." 

Even though you tell him you are OK alone, being the sole source for social contact is a heavy burden on your guy.  You are smart to be thinking about this and reaching out.  You need other people locally besides him. 

Have you looked to see if there is a Reddit sub for your city? Those sometime have meet-up requests.   If not you could start one.  

Good luck! 



) 