> None of them realize that they're not the ONLY one making advances

Look. THAT is exactly your problem. I live in a country that's not that sterile as yours, and I'm glad I do so because I moved years ago from such a country. Saying you look good doesn't always mean the other person is hitting on you. It's similar to seeing someone on the street crying and asking them if they're okay. *Some men* might do so to hit on you, but I think that if keeps with just a comment and no follow up when there's no feedback is absolutely not wrong.

> To her, there's a good chance that this is going to escalate and encourage you to be more aggressive if she's polite to you and you get the wrong idea and think she's flirting.  If she's rude, though, she might get written up or fired. Either situation can lead to real danger / being stalked.

USA?

> Even though YOUR comment was completely innocent, she has no way of knowing that because she doesn't know anything about you and has no reason to just trust that you're a good person with good intentions, especially when other people have not had good intentions in the past.

I trust other people, call me lucky then if you think that's stupid to you.

> You have all of the power in that situation. She can't embarrass you or she's in trouble. She'll most likely be polite and courteous to you. She has no safe bet and no real recourse. You can just walk away and she can't.

What's wrong with "thank you", and going on with your shit? When the guy doesn't get the hint, how does following up with "I'm sorry, I'm working" gets you into problems?

> She can't embarrass you or she's in trouble. 

and rightfully so, the answer to an asshole is not being one too. And if the client is embarrassing you and your company is not supporting you, you're working in a shithole, I'd advise you to look for another place.

> She has no safe bet and no real recourse. You can just walk away and she can't.

Last time I was in the united states I drowned in security guards, there was no public place without them. I'm sure that if the client is getting annoying there are solutions to that.