I've always been a fan of geeky things since I was a kid, and have participated in lots of subcultures from games to comics to conventions and ya know, I welcome the change. I've never really had TOO many bad interactions (no personal death or rape threats thank goodness), but I have had to distance myself from some communities because of lots of negativity directed toward myself of the male dominated culture. Especially here on reddit. There are some subs that I just won't visit even though they had some content that interested me, I could not stand the community.

On a side note, for awhile I did a social experiment with one of my hobbies where I pretended to be male because of the subject matter. (spoiler, I made action figures of busty females, and I thought the audience would be more inclined to purchase from someone who was male). The feedback I got was so big that I was even asked to be in a major magazine, but I had to "come out" as a female because that is what the magazine required. Since I wasn't going to pass up the opportunity to get published, I did and guess what happened? My fan base dissipated. My sales plummeted and and my new things I made didn't garner any attention and never sold. I still have them. All because I'm a female. I never said anything like OMG LOOK U GAIS I'M A GAMER GRL or anything like that, I never made a big deal other than I mentioned I was published after the magazine came out because lets face it, that's a serious HUGE accomplishment for someone who considers themselves a hobbiest, but apparently just the fact that I have boobs and make things with boobs makes me someone that people don't want to buy things from. Even though people were fans and bought things from me when they thought I was a man. Who knew?

I really hope that someday we can change how this whole mindset has come about. Not ALL geeky men are like that. In fact I know several who aren't. But the ones who are seriously need to get over themselves and learn that we are all human beings and deserve some damn respect.