> I'm not saying it isn't harder on women, I mean, you all have to deal with all the same shit we do plus all the sexual harassment, all while being generally smaller and not as strong physically (speaking statistically, I know there are exceptions). 

Personally, I think it's worse for men when it comes  to immediate physical harm. Men get robbed more, are more often randomly targeted for physical assault etc. So I worry way more for my SO out in the night than I worry for myself. At the same time, I also think the typical situations for women and men are very different.

On the other hand, he dresses as he likes and in everyday life gets to walk down the street without interferences. Me? Every time I go out, there is a slight sense of... being wary. Not fearful or afraid of physical harm as such, more the kind of feeling you might imagine a bullied kid to have when he has to walk past his bullies, maybe? 

For instance, I was jogging about a year ago in public area in the middle of the day. A group of men were drinking beer and fishing. They start yelling at me, I ignore and carry on. The next time I pass to go home from my run, one of them jumps at me and tries to "embrace" (!?!?) me. Obviously I was in no sort of danger, but it still startles one and is annoying/uncomfortable. Another example are those weirdos who sit next to you in the train, ask if you'd like to go for a coffee - and once you say no, they just don't leave you alone! They sit there, even though you put your headphones on, tell them you are not interested, ask no questions back etc. Now, the natural reaction would be to *not* answer at all.. but that in itself has risks. I've even been chased in the subway once for not answering a guy when he was talking to me.

Now, the biggest problem in my opinion is that when one talks about these things people tend to be "meeh, nothing happened - big deal?", "It was in the middle of the day, it's a compliment!" or ask what I was doing "Did you smile at them? Were you running in a sports bra only?". Which in turn creates this idea that you can avoid this shit if you do everything right, which in turn is easy to internalize and hence feel discomfort when being out and about. Not saying I feel this way, but I can definitely understand how a lot of women might.