The appropriate response to pointing out how biased the world is toward straight, white men is *not* to point out one of the few cases where it's nice to not be one.  It neither acknowledges the point made, nor makes a new one relevant to the discussion.

*Of course* attractive women benefit in some cases.  **That's not the point** when we're talking about why men have it even better.  If you want to talk about white male privilege, we need to at least *try* to have an honest conversation about it.

The three examples I gave were there to illustrate the three adjectives used to describe the group in question: straight, white, and male.  Selectively recombining them to suit your argument is intellectually dishonest.

In other words: it's awesome to be white, it's fabulous to be straight, and being a man is filled with bonuses... but being all three is super-crazy-privileged.  Suggesting that a gay white man isn't privileged because he suffers one one issue like a gay black woman is again, intellectually dishonest.

> Some might say having the sole reproductive choice is something of a privilege

Please don't use "some might say".  It's very Fox News.  Aside from that, the woman isn't the one with the "sole reproductive choice" she's the one being forced to carry a life-threatening parasite.  She's not deciding on your reproductive options, she's exercising bodily autonomy.

> Women are the largest voting bloc in the west. If anyone is elected it is by their blessing.

I don't even know what this means.  They make up 51% of the population, and the fact that pundits constantly refer to "women" like they're all one big amorphous, single-issue blob does not make that the case.  If a politician wants to appeal to women, she has to work for their votes like the other 49%: by appealing to their hopes, dreams, and interests.  You make it sound like all women vote the same way which is just ridiculous, even for an MRA.

> I did hear of the island in Greece, its a town of monks isn't it?  Wouldn't that be like a man going onto an all girl's university?

I see what you're trying to say here, but you're missing the key ingredient, which is *centuries of systemic, cultural oppression*.  The ban on women isn't simply rules for a private club, it's a ban that prevents any woman from stepping on the peninsula that was erected by the church and has been state-sanctioned for *965 years*.  Imagine a similar ban applied to *any other group* and you realise how absurd this is.

> What about just putting a statue of the opposite sex up? do you think it would frighten and alarm the residents

I'd not heard of that one, and let's be honest, he's rather out of place a would easily frighten someone under (unfortunately) common circumstances.  Your use of it here though is a bit of a red herring as we're talking about privilege and this doesn't really apply.  Personally, I don't see much of a problem with the sculpture, but it should probably have a placard *near the work*.

> The figures on domestic violence show that it is not a gendered problem, each gender is as likely to be the initiator or the perpetrator as the other, advocacy on the other hand remains one-sided.

Again, you're missing the point.  This is what's typically called a "what about teh menz" argument.  The fact that something sucks for you doesn't not mean that it doesn't suck for women.  But you're right, I could have picked a more black & white argument like job security, political power, cultural influence, harassment, and ooh, rape culture.  Are you telling me that when you see the world, you don't see how biased it is toward helping us Win All The Things?

Seriously, I've seen female artists and software developers berated publicly *simply for being female*.  I've had my boss, look me right in the eye and say: "I don't know about hiring her, she looks just about the right age to be having kids soon".  The hypocrisy is astounding and you think that this is all perfectly balanced?  Take a minute to think about it honestly would you?

> What I really wanted to know was if its ethical to decide on one's own what certain groups based on their skin color or gender should be forced to read and if its not just little bigoted to make that assumption. First off, to what extent is it even ethical to group people off based on skin color or gender...and then assume you know their life experiences to the extent that you know theres no way they could know or be aware of this concept such as they must need to be exposed to it. Some black people are more prone to sickle cell disease and they should be aware of it but thats about the nly example I would want to make. How do you fare?

This is what I'd best refer to a sense of self victimisation.  Nowhere in this entire thread, including all of the comments and sub-conversations does *anyone*, *anywhere* suggest that anyone should be *forced* to read anything.  I suppose we could argue about the merits of the use of the word "required reading" but I think that if you're being honest with yourself you'll acknowledge that this is an academic term used to *suggest* that all white men should read it.  No one proposed a law, suggested a rule applied to schools or anything even remotely as idiotic, and to take offence to it like this is really approaching a victim complex.

You're a (presumably) straight white male.  You won the birth lottery.  Quit looking for persecution already.