I agree with r/altomah ... I dated a narcissist once also. He dropped me like old trash as soon as he was bored with me. He taught me a few lessons though so I am grateful. Dating these losers who are not worthy will help you know when you've found the right guy.. After meeting my current boyfriend who I am going to marry I finally understood what people mean when they say cheesy things like "when you know you know".. They literally mean that- you will just know. There won't be doubts. You'll feel as if you two were actually made FOR each other. Keep your head up and use the lessons that moron taught you to find the guy who DESERVES you. Almost any guy that is attracted to you will tell you what you want to hear just to get what they want. Listen to what he says but pay very close attention to his ACTIONS. When you meet his mother, be sure to watch how he treats her. If he is in anyway disrespectful or a dick, lose em now! Most importantly.. Go with your gut. If something just seems off.. Do NOT ignore those feelings! Sometimes your subconscious KNOWS something your conscious mind won't accept.. I ignored my gut because I was 'in love' and wasted 3 years of my life on a giant man child who still lives with his mother at almost 30 years old! It's easier said than done but use your common sense while dating. If something seems off, it probably is. Oh and one final thing.. I was cheated on also and had HUGE trust issues. When I met the love of my life he somehow made me trust again. I no longer would be that jealous girlfriend at home wondering what my boyfriend is up to. I am now the confident woman who doesn't even give a fuck if we run into his attractive ex of 7 years (actually happened). I know that he is such a quality person he would never betray my trust or risk losing what we have for some ass. Also we are always making sure the other is satisfied and that is very important in any relationship! :) good luck with the next one r/cakenbacon ! 
Edit: forgot to mention that Steve Harvey actually wrote an extremely helpful book for women "Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man".. It explains men so well you'll finally be able to decode all the actions that have previously eluded you!