Whoa. This is not immature at all. Breakups are *never* taken lightly here! 

Please get counseling, like /u/letsgetknockedup said, there is no shame in asking for help! those services exist for a reason. She really did an A+ job of talking about that, so please listen because I second everything she said about it.

Pretend he is cancer. He doesn't deserve your love. You are so allowed to hurt, but you need to get some chemo for that cancer! Cut him out of your life. I did some things during a rough breakup that worked wonders for me. Delete his number. Even if you have it memorized. That way, you can make yourself think before you try to talk to him and hopefully catch yourself. If you have the strength, **block** him. Then you won't be hopefully awaiting those texts or calls.

Change everything about your phone, right now. Your ring tone, wallpapers, text tone, etc. Even your case. I know this sounds so ridiculous, but a change like that in your everyday life will help. If you can, move all of the pictures on your phone to your computer and delete them off of the phone. Pretend you have a brand new one. 

You're not expected to just get right over him, and that's okay. Needing time is okay. Time really is the best medicine, and I fucking hated hearing that when I had a broken heart but it's so true! Sleeping with someone else didn't make me feel better, crying provided temporary relief but was necessary, going out for the day only distracted me til I was alone at night. But somewhere in there, I stopped crying every day, I stopped thinking I wasn't worth anything, and I started working on myself. I lost who I was when I dated my ex and I bet you did too, we all do! So focus on loving yourself, because you are worth being loved!

If your meds aren't working, please tell the doctors prescribing them. Simply put, they aren't working and the doctors will help you.

It's gonna be a rocky road, babe. The first few months/weeks are definitely the hardest. They felt rock bottom for me. Really. But you have a support system, even if we're just internet strangers. I can guarantee that you a beautiful, confident woman who wants to live a happy life. If you weren't, you wouldn't have posted.

Thanks for making it this far. You're already making progress and you don't even know it! *hugs*