Speaking as a forensic scientist who tests tons of cases *exactly* like this each year, I unfortunately get to see how long some cases take to be processed and how long everything takes.  There are a lot of factors that can affect the process, and unfortunately not all of them are things that you can directly control.

I don't know anything about the state that you live in (the laws vary from state to state) but right now there is a very large amount of pressure for states with untested sex crime kits to get them tested.  My advice for you (if you haven't already) would be to contact the police agency who handled the case, find the officer who was assigned to it, and just ask for an update on the status of it, or ask if there is anything more you can do to help.  As long as you are respectful about it (*DON'T* pester the police...it seems like common sense, but you would be surprised how many people do) more than often they will be receptive and try to let you know what's going on.

A second holdup on the process can often be the prosecuting attorney (which is part of your county or local jurisdiction).  Often there is more pressure to have a case tested if they feel that they can make an easy case.  Things that help this are things such as making sure the officer (and therefore the prosecutor by extension) know the name of any suspects, and if evidence was collected properly.

By far the number one thing that I have to stress to ANYONE who goes through something as awful as this though is to *get to a hospital and have a sex crime kit collected*.  Don't shower, don't use the restroom unless it is an emergency, and get to the hospital as soon as possible.  The best results are obtained when someone has gone to the hospital within 48 hours, and after about 92 hours the odds of recovering any evidence that can be used in the judicial system is very slim.  This is probably the absolute most important thing that a victim can do.

If all of these things have been done, the one thing I would want everyone else to know is just to be patient...us scientists have a giant backlog of cases and although most agencies often prioritize cases like this, even in the fastest DNA labs by the time a case makes it through the queue and the items are processed for serology, taken through the DNA process, reviewed by a peer, and released, it can be several weeks -- and that's assuming an ideal situation!

tl;dr

Even if a police report is filed and nothing happens, that doesn't mean that you are absolutely powerless.  Even by posting this to help others, you have shown that you are anything but!  I've seen cases take years to be resolved unfortunately but as long as the right evidence is collected, it will end up in a database such as CODIS which can help prevent this from happening again in the future.