I'm not sure how to say this... I'm glad people who like this sub and would have otherwise never found it can see it thanks to the default status. That's a definite boon.

I don't think this sort of exposure is going to build what you want it to. Having a sub dedicated to women's perspective become default isn't moving out of the shadows, you're still in your own semi-private space. Posting in shared spaces that don't cater to either gender (at least not intentionally) is being out in the open. Doing this without saying "I'm a woman and I like World of Warcraft/Game of Thrones/FPS games/custom cars/rude jokes/science etc" may be a challenge, but that's how you get out of the shadows. 

Exposing the content from this sub is polarising and in some ways is warping the sub's community and content. There are definite benefits (of which the OP is an example of) but the stated purpose of this sub is contradictory to the role of a default subs. Default subs have a general interest to everyone, this sub specifically targets women's perspectives.

Things which are popping up on the front page from this sub seem to be very sensationalised. Compare the TwoX "slant" on the clearly misogynistic (I honestly didn't see anyone argue he wasn't misogynistic, that seemed to be openly admitted and condemned) gunman news from yesterday to the titles and slant of the discussions that came from the world news page. Many people on reddit were interested in the news story yet somehow the story from this sub made it to the front page and was incredibly focused on the misogyny angle. The stories that didn't take that slant in the title nor from the sub they came from (news) recognised the misogyny but also heavily discussed gun control, negative portrayals of autism, racism, the roll the internet played in that story, trolls vs real threats, mental health etc. The discussion was much more diverse and specific to the details of the case whereas the very popular TwoX post that made it to the front page had the magnifying glass on the misogyny angle and any discussion outside of that was aggressively down-voted and dealt with combatively while most of the positive posts recycled general arguments and observations of misogyny, I wouldn't mind betting many posters in that thread didn't know that of the six people he murdered, four are male, three of which he targeted specifically. I personally think the discussions outside of TwoX were best suited to a wider audience but TwoX seemed to take the front page the longest.

I always viewed TwoX as a supportive place for women. A safe place where the internet isn't a battleground, but a valuable source of allies who can empathise with you and share a similar view. I enjoyed reading is a controlled environment that offered an insight into discussions that are less common on the interent. As a default sub, TwoX is still a supportive place for women, but it feels like a battleground and that has caused many sympathetic posters to become defensive or even hostile, it's pushed away many other posters and it's attracted a unwanted audience. I think we are already seeing a general change in the community, while the dominant perspective is still the female perspective, I think the atmosphere and discourse has been negatively impacted.