Our hormones control us, and you just went through one of the most hormone heavy experiences we can go through. Even women who go through with having children can develop postpartum depression that they can't manage to understand or sometimes even handle. It's hard. Time will be one of your greatest healers, and you have to go find help and talk it out. Please get help, and try to find an outlet for the pain.

When my grandmother got breast cancer she started painting, she found it was the only thing that helped her through the misery. Try to do some sort of activity, exercise would probably be a great one. 

It seems like the birth control pills are really upsetting you, and they may actually be affecting you negatively. Many birth controls can make you more emotional, and even depressed (my friend has to constantly remind herself that she's feeling depressed due to hers). The fact that you're counting days is terrible too. Did you think about just taking a break from sex for a few months and letting your body and mind heal without them? You should talk to your doctor about whether the pills could actually be making everything worse for you.

You made a choice, and you cannot take anything back now, you have to move on and focus on yourself. I'm sure you can find other stories of women who went through the same feelings (I even read a few in a magazine before). You are not alone in this and I am sure you can find some sort of group or forum. 

Also to ANYONE that ends up in a situation like this where you're laying there after sex knowing that you probably just got pregnant there are other options. The morning after pill works up to 72 hours after intercourse. Or another emergency method is taking two BC tablets the next day, "Some birth control pills that contain ethinyl estradiol and levonorgestrel are considered safe and effective for use as emergency contraception (EC). "

Find supporting people, talk to someone, you'll get through. Just don't withdraw, it's okay to be sad, but you have to make a plan of how to move forward. Good luck OP.





