http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classical_music

In common usage this is what "classical" means. Maybe you are thinking of "classic" music, which could just mean the classics of any genre. 

Unhealthy choices do have negative externalities. My original point was simply that one cannot always assess a person's health choices based on their appearance. I agree that in *most* cases fat people are unhealthy, I was just pointing out that sometimes that happens due to medical conditions and sometimes slim people are actually quite unhealthy but better at hiding it. 

The reason a fat tax doesn't exist is because it isn't feasible to measure someone's choices about their health, and thus the extent of those externalities, with a simple measure. In Japan for instance some employers use waist size as a measure of fitness and charge more for health insurance to the ones with bigger waists. If your waist is bigger than average because you're 6'5 and 250 pounds of muscle, you get charged just like if you were obese. Those kinds of exceptional cases are why these types of policies aren't popular in America. It suits the American ethos better to tax the habit, not the result, and it's easier to enforce, too. That's why we tax cigarettes and alcohol, we don't tax you based on how black your lungs are or whether you are an alcoholic. In that framework it makes more sense to tax unhealthy foods, not tax people for being fat. 


I agree that being fat is undesirable, but there are plenty of things that are undesirable that just aren't relevant in certain contexts. If we started policing every field in the public eye to get rid of people with undesirable traits, where would we stop? We'd be getting rid of lots of people who are good at their jobs based on qualities that have nothing to do with their performance. 

I'm not here saying we should celebrate fatness or that this woman should be encouraged to be a model. I'm not even saying it's bad that people mention that she is fat. I'm saying it should not be the primary basis by which she is critiqued by professional music critics. Their job is to critique music. It's problematic that some of these critics didn't even mention her singing ability in their reviews. It would be like a political analyst writing a review of Obama's performance as president that focused entirely on the fact that he smokes and left out all of his policies. There's no social stigma against saying smoking is bad, but that doesn't mean it's always relevant.