So ... define then what you mean by "different" rights. Do you mean "different" as in "feminists" argue that women should be afforded special treatment. Or do you mean "different" as in, women are different beings and different creatures than therefore must (by definition).  

The thing, you are not taking into account, is people didn't necessarily make these distinctions, history did. The advent of feminism was a historical contingency. Women wanted to participate in the student and civil rights movements of the 1960s and were being marginalised from this movement. I believe that one of the activists at the forefront of the student movement said something like, the only position for women in this movement is "prone". Women became upset about this and started to organise their own collectives. Ideologies do not simply spring from people's heads, they arise from social movements. Women (the varied group that we are) did not agree on how to approach the question of gender, and so it gave rise to many different collectives. It used to be the case that women were arguing for "equality" with men, but since none of the feminist intellectuals can agree on what "equality" means (since we all want different things, as people), the theoretical position has moved on from here, to a more modern sophisticated one, wherein we argue for different but equal. 

It would be nice, in an ideal world, to say that the question of "rights" is a simple matter. Btw I used to be a university tutor, and was doing a PhD on gender studies until I quit. And that equality means the same thing for everyone, but it doesn't. Look at the the case of Aboriginal Australia, people say "Oh, but they have opportunities to be equal now, well why don't they. Why aren't they getting an education and not drinking and taking the opportunities here now to "become equal". Well, some Aboriginal people don't want to. They want to keep their traditional practices and fish out in Arnhem land. Becoming "equal" according to our Western definition, is to go get a mortgage, a Western education, university and earn a higher income. In what position does this place an Aboriginal person if they don't want to do these things, does that they deserve to live in poverty. 

The same can be said for women. A critical issue is child raising. Women have "different" bodies to men. It is a fact of nature. You cannot argue that women are "different" to men in this way. In a society structured in a way where certain white men are more privileged, women have to become more like men to "become equal". Women have to make a decision, career, child, career, child. I'll just post this now, it's getting too long. But you see my point. Is it really fair that women should have to choose one or the other. Choose child rearing, you inevitably earn less and have less in superannuation. The fact is women ARE different to men (and thats what the feminists are talking about) and questions of equality need to take this into consideration. 