Hey! I work at a shop that often deals with hair removal. There's a couple of ways you can fix your issue with longer benefits and no razor burn that shaving often has. I'll make a handy list

Epilation: cost $. Time between hair regrowth 2-3 weeks. Pain scale 3/5. Basically ask a local beauty parlor or department store for their epilator selection and they should be happy to provide. These are like motorized tweezers which pluck out the hairs at a very fast pace from the root, allowing for a greater time between regrowth. While usually there aren't many issues with ingrown hairs and no razor burn, while you are performing the epilation, it is going to sting a bit. However since you don't need to do it very often I think it offsets the pain.

Waxing: cost $$. Time between regrowth 2-3 weeks. Pain scale 3/5. Waxing is a good option, and you can either do it at a local beauty parlor. (While they do not display prices for chest hair, I'm sure something can be arranged) however if you feel uncomfortable, you can get home kits as well. Same kind of pain as the epilation so it is effectively the same thing, yanking the hairs out from the route. 

IPL system. Cost $$$$. Time between regrowth 6months to 1 year. Pain: 1/5. IPL may be an excellent option for you, uses light to tell your hairs to stop growing. It takes a few sessions to get going, and you shave in the meantimes but if you want some more perminant results, this is the way to go. However does have some drawbacks. You can either go for beauty parlor or home system, but both are pretty pricy options. Phillips Lumea is a good home system, but I'm not sure what prices are avalible to you (varies depending on region) so research is definately needed. 

Also: if you are black, red headed, pregnant or breast feeding or diabetic don't use this system. 

No!No: cost $$$. Time between regrowth: 4-9 months. Pain scale: 1/5. uses heat to do effectively the same thing as the IPL stuff, but doesn't have all those conditions on it. Also you don't have to shave to use it. 

Veet: cost $. Time between regrowth 2-3 weeks. Pain 0/5. It's like this cream stuff you can get from the supermarket. You put it on for 10 ish minutes then remove it and all the hairs. It good, but not if you have sensitive skin. 