is working at walmart exploitation? i mean the workers are getting exploited for a profit right? the world runs off of exploitation, why should women's sexuality get some type of shield from exploitation when nothing else gets that shield? are you suggesting that women are weak and need to be protected? because that is exactly how i view that stance. i don't think women are weak little fragile things that need to be shielded from their own decisions, and i think the stance that they do need to be shielded from their own decisions as a stance of arrogance that implies that they are subhuman. i am an egalitarian, i respect women as people with full authority over their lives and decisions.

economic factors boil down to supply and demand, and who controls the supply and who controls the demand. are you saying that women aren't strong enough or somehow lack agency in this setting? it seems to me that you are implying that women are weak and stupid, and that they aren't able to perform as well as men. i don't believe this. i am an egalitarian, i believe that women are independent autonomous human beings that are capable of making their own decisions.

i keep trying to repeat that it is the choice of words used in feminist arguments that make it problematic. it is the fact that they choose only to focus on the problem of women, to the exclusion of the problems of men that makes it divisive.

for instance that there are companies that would benefit from having a female view of group cohesion in the work place. most feminists would agree with this. but they wouldn't say it like that. they would say "companies are holding women back and not allowing them to get into the upper levels of management, so and so study shows that more men get hired into these positions than women."

one of those statements is constructive and inclusive. one of those statements is divisive. both of those statements say the same thing. until feminism ditches the "fem" and starts considering everyone then they won't be able to get everyone on board. feminism's very name is divisive and implies that we should be focusing on women TO THE EXCLUSION OF MEN. exclude men and you will have a hard time getting more people on board.

can you tell me the difference between egalitarianism and feminism? you say feminism is about equality. isn't the word egalitarian much older than the word feminism?

when feminism hit in the late 1800's early 1900's white women gained the ability to vote shortly after black men gained the ability to vote. do you think that was a coincidence?

when feminism hit in the 1950's and 1960's, the workforce doubled and service industry jobs took a major cut in pay, do you think that was a coincidence?

who do you think funded the feminism campaigns? who paid for it to be publicized? how did it get on public air without the approval of the people in power? was there money to be made off of these feminist movements? who made that money? i'm not talking a couple million dollars. who made hundreds of millions of dollars, who made billions of dollars?

what is the difference of patriarchy and kyriarchy? why would you use language that is exclusive that gets people to oppose you, instead of inclusive language that gets people to join you?

all i am really saying is that feminism is divisive because of the LANGUAGE it uses, and the fact that it chooses to focus on one group of people to the exclusion of other groups of people. this isn't equality. it is a dividing force, it creates imbalances, it perpetuates the problems it claims to fight against.

i want equal rights for men and women. but i realize that feminism will never lead to this. feminism can't lead to this, because it uses language that causes men and women to fight against each other. two warring factions cannot be equal. it is the same for the men's rights activists. they cannot achieve equality for men and women, even though they propose to be trying to do so. their language is one sided for men, their arguments are only for men, to the exclusion of women.

men's rights activists and feminists would readily accept each other's arguments if they were simply stated using different words. but they both use exclusive language. and neither can really reach equality (however, it may be possible that in the future they somehow meet in the middle while taking separate paths). why would any woman join the men's rights movement (yes some do)? why would any man join the feminist movement (yes some do)?

i am an egalitarian. i see people as having problems. i have the freedom of choosing the rational arguments i come across regardless of political ideology. i have the freedom of accepting and rejecting claims i come across. i am not bound by any rule set. my stance is a stance that says that all people should have equal opportunity, and what they choose to do with it should reflect on them as an individual.

we are not black, white, asian, christian, muslim, men, women, children, students, lawyers, teachers, doctors, victims, and criminals. these are all groups of some people. what we all are is humans. we are all human, we are all deserving of human rights, human dignity, and human compassion. we all are oppressed by social expectations and social conditioning that we have no control over. but the kyriarchy does control those social expectations and social conditioning factors. they do control the media, the laws, the military, the police that enforce the rules that dictate how you are allowed to raise your own children and what you can do with your own body. women are victims to this, minorities are victims to this, atheists are victims to this, christians are victims to this, white people are victims to this, and men are victims to this, humans are victims to this.

exploitation is a simple fact of life. you need to get food to survive. you will have to do things you don't want to do in order to get food to survive. you will be exploited to survive. what i am opposed to is other people taking from your labor and your work so as to cut a profit while at the same time making it harder for you to survive. i am opposed to people conditioning your mind against your own free will to force you to desire things that you don't need. i am against con artists convincing you that you want something that is detrimental to your own welfare. this isn't a female issue, it is a human issue.

but there is one last and major problem i have with feminism. the radicals at the top. those who scream with the loudest voices and hide under the guise of feminism while lobbying for laws that will be detrimental to both men and women.

when rape laws are expanded so far as to say that all sex with a woman who has consumed alcohol is rape, than it hurts men and women. it throws innocent men in jail, and it makes them afraid to have relationships with women. the women lose out on the ability to choose to consume alcohol and have sex. they have lost choices, they have lost agency because of feminist laws. the men are victimized when in good faith they were not trying to rape someone, and are still labeled and prosecuted as rapists.

when you carry the banner of feminist you empower these radicals to harm both men and women. because men and women are dependent on each other so much that if you hurt one, you are hurting the other. black people depend on white people who depend on mexicans and asians and every other arbitrary "racial" group. the fact is there is only one race of people, humans. we do ourselves a disservice by trying to force each other into bottles based on skin color, eye color, and nation of birth. all humans lose out if we don't allow the next Einstein to succeed just because she wasn't the right race and gender.

a young attractive woman can make a lot of money in the pornography industry. you can call that exploitation. but i will just say that you are failing to recognize her privilege. not everyone can do that. she has an option that most people do not have. you call it exploitation if it is a woman's privilege. and you try to prevent her from using that privilege to get ahead under the guise that you are somehow helping her. it does not help her when you take her options away, that can never empower her. but you don't even see it, which is very sad in my eyes. its almost as if you don't believe in human rights for women.
