All I have to offer is a virtual hug and some armchair advice.  It seems to me that you punish your body because in the past it brought you nothing pain.  You have medical issues that you are seeing a doctor to address.  That's great!  You have just done something that is very difficult for you because you know you need to take care of yourself.  Take a moment to sit and feel good about that.  You put it off for six years!  And now you want to take care of yourself.  I honestly think that some mindfulness meditation techniques would be great.  You can find some stillness to observe yourself and your thoughts.  So often people who are traumatized by others identify with their trauma and make that trauma the define them.  I have issues with anxiety.  Mindfulness exercises helped me to understand that I am not that panicking stream of consciousness.  I am the space that scared little chant is echoing in.  You say you want feed yourself a proper diet.  There's a lot of food out there.  Try things until you find something you like.  Taking a cooking class.  I eat a lot of meat and veggies.  Mastering the art of french cooking is an amazing cookbook.  It has diagrams and food pairing and beautiful font.  I like occasional_dragon's recommendation of having a goal chart.  You can check things off and build some momentum.  There are wonderful things out there and you can experience them too!  I like yoga, weightlifting, and cooking.  Weightlifting may be great for you.  Being physically stronger has made me feel so much more confident about moving around in the world.  (I'm really petite, strangers come up to me at the grocery and say the strangest thing.  I had a strange woman cup her hands around my face and call me a doll.  Ick)  You have already made a huge step.  You have found something you want to change about yourself and you are pursuing it.  Most people don't have that much insight.  
tl;dr  You are awesome, you can do this, lift heavy things, mastering the art of french cooking, mindfulness 