Well, I think ugly duckling syndrome is actually a really desired trait amongst the opposite sex.  You get someone who is attractive but probably not full of themselves.  The flip side is that there can be a lot of baggage that comes with being "ugly" in your younger years: distrust, paranoia, anger, depression, social awkwardness, etc.  I think the main goal (as you've spelled out) is to try and take the best from both worlds while leaving the negative aspects behind.

So it sounds like the issue is self-confidence.  I had my share of bullying and lack of self confidence growing up, so I know that constant thought that everyone is laughing at you or that people asking you out are playing a cruel joke.  That concept is predicated on the idea that you're not "worthy" to be hit on.  It's really easy to fall into that downward spiral of self-doubt.

My method for when I'm wrestling with self-doubt is to try and challenge those negative thoughts as if they were another person.  I imagine myself debating with this other voice and forcing them to explain their position.  "Ugh, I'm so fat."  Really?  I'm at a reasonable weight for my height/frame and plenty of people have told me otherwise.  "God, I'm such an idiot."  Why is that?  Because that report I submitted had a couple mistakes on it?  I've been working in a high pressure industry for years and have always come out on top, so I must be doing something right.

The other thing I'd say is to try not to focus on seeing yourself "as everyone else sees you."  Self confidence is something that ideally comes from within, not necessarily from outside validation (though it's really, really, really nice to have outside validation... I mean, c'mon).  The problem is that people's opinions of you will change over time, and there are plenty of people out there that will hate you for no good reason.  Focusing inward on what you like about yourself will help you deal with both of those situations and come out on top :)

Well, I've thoroughly used up my soapbox time.  I hope these ramblings were in some way coherent and/or helpful.