> Fair enough, my point was that we have a representative democracy and there are more women voters, and the turnout for women is higher than for men, and then there are political advocacy groups just for issues affecting women. You can say there are advocacy groups that have men in charge (and youre right) but I dont think youll find any political caucus focusing on any problem facing specifically men.

Look, for the most part, the problems of men are understood to be the problems of everybody. They don’t get any label because they are not viewed as needing one. And the few problems men face that are legitimately due to prejudice against them, such as e.g. the lack of paternal leave or the draft, are again a direct result of the patriarchy and the only strong voices that have been speaking out against them for decades are those of feminists. 

> Do you mean the right not to be a parent? Dont you have the same rights to avoid pregnancy as a man does...either abstain or practice iron-clad birth control? How is having more options in your reproductive life than a man has somehow mean men are more privileged? 
 
/u/searchingfortao already answered this above. Men don’t need to avoid pregnancy, because (unless you’re talking about transmen and something tells me you’re not) men don’t get pregnant. And men also don’t get to tell women what to do with their bodies because women’s bodies don’t belong to men. I’m sorry if you think that this is somehow unfair, but it’s still a biological reality and personally I think that if I got the choice between limiting my birth control to barrier methods or being able to only have children by having them grow inside me at life-threatening risk to myself culminating by having them literally rip their way out of a tiny orifice of my body I’d probably be tempted to take the first option... However I really do have to roll my eyes every time a man literally complains that *they do not have the power to force invasive medical procedures on the bodies unwilling women*,  because if anything ever reveals unconscious entitlement over others that has to be it. 

> Which even if you assume women should have the right to abort (which I do btw) its just as many women voters as men voters that are working to restrict it (at least in the US).

That’s called internalised sexism. As it turns out when you raise girls to believe that women are worthless a lot of them end up believing just that.  

> Are you sure the default human is male and not just genderless?

Yes, I am. It’s an academic term that is used to describe a well-documented phenomenon that ranges from the political question we discussed above to bathroom signage. 

> You know we still practice male genital mutilation and a male draft in the United States right?

Yes, I do know that and fwiw I am vehemently against both. Circumcision in particular is an abhorrent practice that reveals the extent of the impact culture can have on the choices of individuals, leading them to actually mutilate their own new-born babies for no good reason without batting an eyelid. It’s horrifying. Thank goodness it’s not a problem over here, although on the other hand, we do still have compulsory military service for men, so there’s that. But again, like I mentioned above, feminists are the only group that speak out against both practices and others like them and I really don’t know why you’d assume that I would be in favour of them or why you’re enlisting these example to argue against me. 

> Is it a major point of contention in Greece that there is a peninsula that exclude women due to religious beliefs? Is it a nice peninsula or is it just easier to let the kooks have their space? 

No, it’s not a major point of contention. Such are the victories of the patriarchy. I wouldn’t have an opinion on whether it’s a nice place, given that I am not allowed there, but I am told it’s very pretty. 

>Quintessentially sinful, sounds catholic, is that a fair guess? 

No, Greek orthodox.

> They are sexist here as well. 

They are sexist everywhere. That’s kind of my point. 

> If men are so privileged as a gender then why are more men homeless, incarcerated, killing themselves, suffering much higher workplace fatalities, not graduating high school, and not finishing any college degree at the same rate as women? Wouldnt a privileged class experience less of those things than a non-privileged class? 

The basic answer here is intersectionality: there are many axes along which discrimination happens and (again, as /u/searchingfortao explained to you) sex is only one of them. Race, sexual orientation, class, physical and mental health are other big ones. There are few people who are born into the all the right boxes and vast majorities that are born into few or none. 

I think if you actually read some feminist theory instead of simply assuming that women are out to get everything their way you might find you agreed with it more than you might think. 

> privilege as a social force really significant enough to warrant discussion? 

If, because of your lack of privilege on even one, let alone multiple, fronts, people like you had for centuries been treated as chattel, denied basic civil rights and generally viewed as mentally and physically inferior, you might agree that it very much is. What you’re basically asking here is whether, since not all men find themselves at the top of the pyramid, it is fair to allow women a chance to make it there and not keep them all herded at the bottom. And I would say, yes, yes, it is. 

With regard to why men find themselves in those unfortunate situations in higher numbers, again, a huge part of the answer is because men are taught to eschew all things feminine and adopt risky behaviours that have exactly that kind of result. Basically the common culprit here is the disdain our society has for what it labels femininity: because women are undervalued traditionally, men are encouraged to distance themselves from behaviours that are viewed as feminine, ultimately arguably harming themselves. It is unsurprising that given this situation, women, who were consistently told that they were lesser, would rebel and claim equal rights first: it is easier to claim to be viewed as equal to something you’re told is better than you than to something you’ve been taught is worse. This is what people mean when they talk about the harmfulness of machismo. 

Should men embrace more traditionally feminine behaviours? I would argue yes. I would also argue that what is needed to result in this is for us as a society to first truly accept that there is nothing wrong with being female or feminine. 

> Yet they do try to improve lives for women (which Im not begrudging...but it seems like we're assuming just because men are in charge that they are doing things to help men...and that hasnt been established...yet they do things to help women).

Yeah, no they don’t. Women fought and died and continue to fight to claim their rights. They were not handed to them by the benevolent powerful men who just fancied doing them a nice turn. And yes, hopefully as society progresses more rights can be claimed for more groups of under-privileged people. But – and this is essential – just because a black gay poor man does not have privilege along the race, sexual orientation or class axes, does not mean he doesn’t benefit from male privilege. 

To give a historical example, a black man in the US in the late 19th century would obviously have faced horrific oppression on the basis of his race. But he would still have had the right to vote, which would have been denied to a white woman because of her sex. The fact that the white woman might have had the more comfortable life overall is irrelevant to the question of whether it’s fair to deny people the right to vote because of their sex, in the same way that the fact that the black man would have had the right to vote would be irrelevant to the question of whether racial segregation was a good idea – to think otherwise is to suggest that women/black men do not deserve any rights until all men/white people are equal among themselves, which is the essence of sexism/racism.

> What I really wanted to know was if its ethical to decide on one's own what certain groups based on their skin color or gender should be forced to read and if its not just little bigoted to make that assumption. 

It was a turn of phrase, not a bill for a new law. Nobody is forcing anybody to read anything – if they were I would totally be on their side, but as it is I think the fact that you are reacting this way to a metaphor really just kind makes you look rather silly. 

