I think for a lot of couples it ends up being a sequential thing; that is, one parent stays home when the kids are young and THEN gets their career off the ground. It requires sacrifice for sure - you're not going to have it all at once. Of course a lot depends on how flexible your respective jobs are.

For me, it's worked out like this:  I had a surprise pregnancy quite young and didn't even really get my career off the ground before the boy was born, so I stayed home and did part-time stuff here and there - tutoring, worked part time at the mall, etc. After a few years of that, I got a full time job (8-4 type thing) and my husband switched his work hours to 1-9. So he got the boy off to school in the mornings, and we had him in an after school program. We didn't get much time as a couple, which sucked, but we knew it was temporary.

My earning potential has always been greater than my husband's, so as my career has advanced, he has backed down his involvement at work. We're currently at a good spot where I'm bringing in a pretty big stack of cash and he has switched to part time, which conveniently has dropped him into a lower tax bracket, so his take home pay is almost the same! But our kid is a teenager now... It's taken this long to get to a place where we all feel fulfilled. And still our house is a mess and neither of us are real involved in his schooling beyond regular old helping with homework.

The most important thing has been that my husband has always taken on an equal share of kid duties and housework. We both agree that family is more important than work, and should come first (as long as it's not going to get you fired, cause that's not helpful). My focus, careerwise, has always been to make "enough" money and to feel fulfilled at work  - I'm not worried about external measures of success. I don't care if I don't get a corner office or make as much money as other women my age (although I do care if I'm making as much money as other people with similar qualifications).