>In When She Was Bad, author Patricia Pearson argues that society gives evil women a pass by casting them as victims or mentally ill. The reality, Pearson argues, is that men who are cast as evil are also victims of child abuse, broken homes, drugs, and mental illness, yet society and the courts don’t allow victimhood to excuse criminal behavior. Pearson makes the case that women are just as capable of extreme violence as men. The reason our crime statistics don’t reflect this reality is because of what she terms “chivalry justice”—excusing women for their actions by casting them as mentally ill or victims of abuse.

To me, there isn't really much difference between the evil and the good except their experiences and issues they may have been born with.  We like to think of the Nazi's as extremely evil, but most of them were just following orders.  Most humans follow orders to the point of committing evil actions, it is just that for most of us, we aren't in situations where we have such orders to follow.  Or take terrorist.  Another pure evil in our society.  How many of them were recruited as children and fed half truths, how many of them were given the evidence of world powers attacking indiscriminately again and again.  How many of them were led to blame so much of their lives on the CIA and such meddling in their country.  Offer that plus the promise of paradise, and I would say that many of us put through the same thing would end up the same.  When you look at their crime, it is hard to be sympathetic, but even someone who blows up a bus full of civilians was once a young child who could have led a happier life like one of us except that reality stole such form them.  Or for another example of evil, consider a child molester.  Once again, their crime leaves no room for sympathy, but once again view them as a young child.  Imagine having to tell them that they are going to grow up and find that they have a sexual attraction they cant fulfill.  That they will be stuck in a society where so much of popular culture is about seeking sexual fulfillment, and the rest is about finding romantic relationships.  And then tell them that they will never be allowed to have any of that, and if they even try to seek support, they will be vilified.  In a society that sees it as an evil to even suggest that someone deny their sexuality, you are going to make them have to kill theirs.  Or take the serial killer.  Often times they are inherently broken in the head... but it is still a tragedy.

In the end, I'd rather not let anyone just be evil.  But it is quite unfair to both groups to try to justify the evil of one group by not the other.