In-person, I have a great group of nerdy dudes; we all met in a course on gaming theory, where I was the only woman (other than the professor) there out of genuine interest in the topic and not just in hopes of an easy A. It's 5 years later, and the bunch of us still very regularly end up back at somebody's place to game after going out to dinner, and although I'm the only lady of the bunch, I never feel treated any differently for it, and have a great time playing, win, lose, or draw.

Online is another story. I always play female toons, when given the option of character creation, and I still remember the first time in WoW that a random male player followed me around and showered gold and items on me in hopes that there was a real lady behind the screen - it weirded me out in a BIG way. Going on-mic always results in shenanigans: I have what my friends describe as a voice made for radio, so even my most deadpan or casual statements apparently bring the dudes a'running. I've had dudes follow my character around a multiplayer map like sad puppies (because proximity to my character was gonna make me pay more attention, apparently?) and fuck up my sniping because they kept blocking my shot. I don't go on mic anymore, and I often avoid online multiplayer on 360 as my username has a feminine honorific in it (I didn't know any better when I made the profile) and immediately draws attention to me. 

The only times I've not been targeted/hassled online is when I'm on with guys I either know IRL or have gamed with for years who'll vouch for me, and that makes me tetchy that a dude has to give me the say-so for me to be respected in that virtual space. UGH.

Pardon the rant. It's a thing.

tldr; It's, regrettably, a common thing in many online gaming communities, and one I don't anticipate changing anytime soon; there are dudes who are the exception and not the rule, but it always seems to be the assholes who make the biggest, most lasting impression. Only way to definitely prevent that kind of harassment is to go stealth and not let on what your gender is - no mic, gender-neutral username, likely a male toon - and I'm not okay with that.