I wouldn't call myself a 2X user. But _as a man_ who is somewhat concerned with gender roles and find their effect and constraints on women and men slightly problematic in some ways, I have never, ever seen feminism and feminists as a movement able to do anything good for men.

And it's not due to some philosophical lynchpin or ideological keystone, but rather due to small, unfortunate micro-reasons. 

Like how it can be really hard to see something from the perspective of someone else.

Or how even if you try to see something from the perspective of someone else, it usually doesn't do much good if you can only do it to some extent. Like, if you want to sympathise with Koreans, but actually have little knowledge of what life is like for Koreans, then the extent of the productiveness of the conversation between you and Koreans might just be that you make some halfway-ok-and-halfway-not statements and then the rest of the time is spent with Koreans trying to tell you how things are but failing.

Or how generalisations and group-encompassing characteristics is something really easy to make use of and it takes an active, conscious effort to avoid them. The "NOT ALL MEN" meme the last few days a case in point. I mean, I could have made a "NOT ALL MUSLIMS ARE TERRORISTS" meme a decade ago in order to spite and ridicule those making that inane and annoying and derailing excuse.

Or how people fall into "group vs group" power balance traps, and then wanting to apply the results as a real-life rule. For example, they may find that the Male Group has 47 Power Points and the Female Group has only 31 Power Points, so all members of the Male Group must be reduced and all members of Female Group must be uplifted - completely ignoring that this would at best be an average across everyone and your plan could well involve giving one particular female with 90 Power Points advantages which you deny to a male with 20 Power Points and then arguing that this is great and well because you are doing this on a group basis. Cue how the wealthy son of a black Harvard-educated couple could benefit from particular programs and benefits which would be denied to the destitute daughter of a white couple living in a trailer. NOT thinking in terms of groups and group benefits and group power and wanting to apply that across the groups is HARD, and requires a lot of deep thinking.

Not to mention that it's really hard to even come up with a fair "tally" of Power Points of this kind. People will tend to minimise their own benefits and advantages and maximise those of the other. 

I'm going to comment on the posts here as a case in point.

Firstly, you have specifically asked about the compatibility between feminism and men's rights, pointing out as an example the expectation of men to be strong and predative in all aspects, and speaking of the gendered stereotypes men are subject to.

The response here is overwhelmingly a description of how the participants view the individuals involved in the "Men's Rights Movement" (MRAs), their impression being overall very negative. 

For example: "MRAs are a pretty new group that exsists almost exclusively on the Internet, and spend most of their time and energy hating feminism and claiming that it is the worst thing ever. I've never seen a men's rights advocate actually advocating anything anywhere but on the Internet, and even then, they are usually just advocating that feminism is the worst thing in the world."

"However, the people I've come across who are a part of the men's rights movement don't seem overly concerned with liberating themselves from stereotypes, they seem pre-occupied with how feminists are devil spawn and trying to take everything away from them. ... I am all for helping men break free of their stereotypes, but this particular group strikes me as misguided and dangerous,"

"I think that the men's rights movement would do well to spend a little more time actually working on making the world a better place"

But you haven't asked about what people here think of the current members of the "Internet-MRA". You have asked about gender roles in general, and their impact of all men completely separate from self-styled MRAs. It's even said above that someone has never seen an MRA outside the internet. 

So why the significant focus on something pretty irrelevant? Why can't people answer your question as it was asked but must reflexively reach for their negative thoughts about the miniscule Reddit-only MRA group?Because thinking is hard.

Like the assertion that: "The cognitive dissonance is so strong with many of these people that they've actually rewritten history in their heads to place men and women on equal footing all the way up to the modern era, at which point we now have more rights than they do. It's a verifiably incorrect position"

is completely wrong. Sure, when a situation involves two groups with unequal positions, then it's really viable to discuss which group has it better or worse. Main problem is that better or worse relies on assigning _value_ to each of these differences (like the 'points' above) -- "women are expected to cook, okay, so that's 4 points for women. Men are expected to work and provide for the woman, so that's ... how many points for men?" Hence you can never create a universal tally of this since the perceived value of each is extremely subjective, and subject to the grass-is-greener-effect.

The particular problematic term in the above is "verified". It is a claim to an unarguable truth, proof, scientific verification. But such a verification could never happen. Yet here is the assertion that it has. Any male person who feels that men have had it worse because historically men could at any point have been sent off to die in the army is told "No, men didn't have it worse, and that is VERIFIED". How can such a man ever sit down with and have any kind of positive conversation or share a cause with someone making that assertion? 

Conclusion: I think "Feminism" in theory could be supportive of both sexes. I think "Feminism" in practice and "Feminists" are not, and probably can never be, because people.