While I don't agree with the wording of #1, I can agree with the general message. Women need options, and for most women looking into abortion, adoption simply isn't one.  Especially in the USA where the healthcare coverage is abysmally inconsistent and there's no stable maternity leave regulations (especially no paid maternity leave). Some adoption agencies can help try to procure financial support, but most often it's needed from the potential adoptive parents, so it's just shifting the financial burden around and making adoption less likely, funding less likely. A push for goverment-funded support would be an idea, perhaps covering the medical and resource costs of pregnant women committed to adoption/parenting? I suppose that's me agreeing with #3 in general as well...there needs to be an influx of resources, a massive influx.

I mean, I know pro-lifers don't want abortions to happen, but if abortions can't happen, then society needs to be changed to accommodate the needs of women and the masses of children they will  be bringing into this world. Social programs will need, likely, exponentially more funding than they receive right now, and much less reliance on private charities and donations that aren't stable/dependable enough to meet that sort of demand. A legitimate option isn't simply another word in a list, it has to be realistic and beneficial.

I can agree with #2 in principle, but I think women just need to know they're strong enough to make any sort of decision about their pregnancy, and that no matter what they choose, they'll be able to make it through.

I'll disagree with #4, because while I'm sure abortion can be mentally traumatizing/harmful to some women, I know a few who were, and remain, happy with theirs. If the "hurts forever" is a reference to the fact that a fetus will be aborted, and it's hurt by its life ending...well, I guess by those standards, yeah. But many don't see fetuses that way.

With #5, if the pregnancy care centres were able to provide all the resources and services Planned parenthood offers, while not being oppressively religious, then I suppose there wouldn't really be that much harm in the decison outside of there not likely being a unified group to donate to, eaning some care centres could go underfunded.

#6....there's no such thing as a "real man", and that's just heteronormative, IMO. Not all women looking to get abortions are heterosexual or even bisexual. They don't necessarily want or need men in their lives to love and protect them and their theoretical children. I mean, yeah, it'd be nice for friends and family to take that role, or boyfriends/fiances/husbands if they are relevant, but it's just kind of a problematic reason. Women need support from their friends, family and community. There's no need to gender this.

With #7, I'm pretty some some Planned Parenthoods offer prenatal care, but I figure there are certainly some that don't, probably depending on what state they're in. That's certainly something that needs addressing.

I have to disagree with #8, at least on a legal level. I think it'd be harmful to implement a right to life for fetuses within our current context, because society just isn't ready yet, and doesn't have the infrastructure or resources prepared to handle that sort of future in the country both short-term and long-term. That, combined with the swath of potential legal issues of women's rights during pregnancies (there are a number of cases across the years revealing how dangerous and barbaric these legal issues can be). 

BUT, all in all, I like where this group's heads and hearts are at, and at least they're seemingly interested in dialogue about "If not abortion, then what?".