I have a copper IUD (and had a Mirena IUD for five years before that) and I've yet to have any problem with the diva cup which is the brand I use.

Unless you've had kids, go with the smaller size. Just because you're a slightly bigger gal doesn't mean your vaginal canal is wider. 

You don't have to change it usually more than twice a day. Once when you get up and once before you go to bed so you really don't have to change it anywhere but home. 
It's silicon so there's no chance of toxic shock syndrome like tampons. You can keep it in for like twelve hours and you can even put it in before your period even starts so there's no "surprises". 

With my copper IUD I have a hella heavy flow and I still never really fill the thing. I think I've had to change it three times in a day once and it was right after I got my IUD inserted when my periods were twice as heavy as they are now. I still wear a pantyliner with it just in case it leaks a little but it's hardly ever more than a couple drops.

If you absolutely have to change it in a public restroom, you can just wipe out the excess blood off the cup with toilet paper and reinsert it until you change it at home. 

There are very informative YouTube videos showing you how to insert and remove the diva cup properly with minimal spillage on your hand if any at all. And blood wipes away with toilet paper so no worries there.

The suction doesn't hurt and I almost immediately forget it's in. It actually feels a lot better than a tampon because there's no string rubbing anywhere or getting in the way when I go to the bathroom. 

The tip isn't sharp and it points down so it's not poking anything. 

I still get cramps but they're not bad. Actually the only time I do get cramps is if I have to poop cuz the cup kind of presses against your rectum ever so slightly which is a little uncomfortable if there's something in there. (TMI but whatever) 

You have to be comfortable sticking at least your finger and thumb partially inside your vagina to pull it out. You just sit on the toilet, bear down a little to bring it close enough to grab, squeeze it a little to break the suction, then gently pull it out over the toilet bowl and pour it out. 

Have a few pieces of toilet paper handy to set it on and wipe it out with. Finish your bathroom business then rinse out the cup with hot water really well, dry it off, reinsert it and you're good to go! 


Seriously I have nothing but good experiences with this thing and it's already paid for itself with all the tampons and pads I don't have to buy anymore. 

