Is it relevant that not all women are "told throughout their life times" that they need long hair to be beautiful?  

I am assuming that this message must be sent out from somewhere (fashion magazines?  Disney movies?)  We don't watch much U.S. television at my house.  My aunt, who was a hairdresser, was all about short hair for women.  All the women I knew growing up had short hair.  Mine was short for much of my life (it's longish now, it was longish in high school).  

My point is that women do not have monolithic experiences and, as a woman, I feel shut out of some discussions here because my experiences are different.  I've always thought different, been a so-called "tomboy," was encouraged by my dad to be one (but not so much by mom, but that was okay too, I'm glad I had *some* feminizing influences).  I grew up with horses, an outdoor life, and feminist teachers and support groups in high school (and this was in a rural community, I was lucky, I guess).

I went into a male-dominated profession (it isn't so much, any more - because there are lots of other women like me).  

At any rate, the only response we should have (according to your logic - please correct me if I'm totally misunderstanding) to the haircutting story is:  that hairdresser was wrong!  Or, look how much culture pervades the mind of that hairdresser!  In short, I'm at a total loss to know what to say (other than repetitively parroting versions of what I just typed) to a person who posts here for support regarding one moronic hairdresser.  (BTW, women who are hairdressers can resist cutting off hair just as much - but that's considered derailing to say, is that right?)

So I'm right to just skip such threads and let the echo chamber effect take place.  I have nothing against echo chambers, they're a part of many ancient rituals, and in fact, chanting and dancing basically do the same thing.  I'm thinking of Clytemnestra's tomb, where the echo effect is very strong and the few things people were allowed to say resonated over and over.  

Anyway, I think I'm getting it.  "Not all men" or "not all women" are not acceptable responses to "my hairdresser is a jerk."  Echoing back "yes!  your hairdresser is a jerk!" is indeed comforting.

My only "but" on this is that my own problems (and I'm a woman too, and sometimes I'd like support) do not usually fall into areas involving simple gender programming (I know all this programming exists, I study it for a living, but that puts it at a remove from me; that was a deliberate choice I made, and I too like to stay in like-minded communities).

There are some incredible people on this subreddit.  If we are women, shouldn't all our experiences be relevant, though?

Bottom line, what, in your opinion, is supposed to be the right response to "I was told by a male hairdresser that I should cut my hair off because boys wouldn't like me"?

(A whole page of "stupid ass!")?