I'm sorry to say that male friends might help but are often be the source of a totally different type of uncomfortable feeling so I don't have many to begin with. But also male friends can't be with you all of the time. I'm not talking about occasional situations here where I'm downtown partying at night by myself and things of that sort where I can simply add a male friend to the equation. 

I mean walking to class, getting groceries, going for a bike ride. Every day things. Harassment every day.

I know people automatically picture a seedy alley with a girl walking by herself in a miniskirt and a group of men catcalling her or whistling...but...

 Let me give you the most recent encounter: I was checking out at a grocery store when one of the male employees walked by on the other side of the aisle and yelled things at me over the line of people about me, my body, and things he would do to it. I was wearing jeans, tshirt, and a coat. Not a miniskirt in sight. No heels, I was wearing normal combat boots. I was wearing minimal makeup, no lipstick, just a neutral face. The store was relatively empty, however the male cashier was there two feet away from me but didn't say anything and there was a middle aged dad in line behind me with his TEN YEAR OLD DAUGHTER.  I think that was the worst part of it. That little girl had to witness that and the dad looked mortified. No one said anything, I didn't say anything, and eventually he just walked away. Which I was grateful for, because usually if you don't respond they yell further abuse at you before walking away like calling you a "cunt", or "crazy bitch".

As another example, a man once started hitting on me and trying to pick me up while we were waiting at a bustop in an area you would generally look at as being safe, more businessy than anything. I looked as I did in the previous story. It was the middle of the day in the summer and I was definitely feeling warm but I never reduce layers. This man (not a nice looking man, I recognize gang tattoos) just gets really close to me and starts to tell me I'm beautiful and things of the sort less than eloquently. Imagine "damn girl, damn, you're beautiful", "are you a model, you should definitely model", the usual meaningless phrases. I notice a little girl behind him who's holding his hand. I talk to her a little more and ignore the man completely, and I find out it was his day with her, his daughter. They were having a day out. She's FOUR. She will remember this when she grows up.

It's not only that I feel trapped.

Seeing people act like this just gets me hopeless about the world



edit: I know you might be getting downvoted, however, I know you meant well with your response and I do appreciate your sympathies