Actually, yeah, I can see where he could think "Oh, taking pictures right now would be fun and sexy!" When people have the consent to get down and dirty, its easy to assume they have consent for other things. That idea causes problems like this, but we're all indoctrinated to think that way, even me. Its why I try to talk about consent at any opportunity, to root out the bad ideas.

And yes, you also have a point with ignorance vs. malice. The old saying goes, "Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity" right? But in some cases, like when a person is threatened, they gotta watch their back. You understand that leaked nudes pose a real threat to a woman. I think she should approach this situation calmly, but with adequate protection just in case. And even if this guy was acting naively, it doesn't make the situation less harmful. I have a bad feeling he didn't really delete that picture. Of course, he might've not wanted to show her his phone cause he's really private, but if he's so private then why doesn't he respect her privacy? (I know why, I just think its hypocritical).

Also, the way I see it, one instance of selfishness does not equal sociopathy. I did generalize selfish actions. Many harmful, self-centered actions are done out of ignorance, especially in the case of young people ("not old enough to know better"). I have, however, done selfish things fully realizing they were mean, but chose the rewards of those over moral integrity. Like, talking about someone behind their back. Like losing my temper. Like telling a half-truth to get out of an awkward situation. I'm not a sociopath though. Fully capable of feeling empathy over here. So are most people. I believe most people want to do the right thing. Most people do the wrong thing when the right thing is very difficult to do, or when the rewards for doing the wrong thing appeal to them too much. But obviously, people are capable of great ethical feats! Not this guy. Maybe he can work on it. 



