I started puberty around 7 and got my first period at 9, I didn't experience any emotional/mood changes until I was about 12, for me it was all physical. I started getting breasts, then hair, then menses, then more hair, then more breasts. Then I started getting mood changes.  then when I was 18 I got some more breasts. I didn't get any taller, But my family is full of short women who bleed young and breed long into their 50's.

I feel I got all the support I needed in terms of pubety. I knew from a young age what was eventualy going to happen. My mum was never shy about telling me that things change. I remember her showing me her pads and how she bleed, and how her breasts were big and saggy and hair sometimes grew on them, and in other places too. Up untill I was about 4 I used to bathe and shower with my mum every now and then, so I knew what I was going to end up like.

My grandma gave me the official talk when I was 7 and my breasts started developing. She was a midwife and did not spare me any details. I was fully prepared for what was going to start happening. I don't think I ever had a single question of "is this normal". I think the only time in my life I ever asked this was when I was 21, and washing my boobs in the shower when I sprayed milk all over the wall. But even then, I knew what it was, I was just wondering why it came out of me (long story, still getting tests). I got a lot more support than average. I had many medical conditions relating to my period so I was in and out of GYN's for most of my teenage years. 

I highly recommend booking in with a good GYN or Women's health nurse after you give a young girl the talk, she might have tons of questions, some of which you might not be able to answer. No matter what you tell her the most important thing is to teach her where to go when she has questions and who to get the best information from. OP, I think that can definitely be part of your role as big-sister. It might not be for a few years, but your sister may want to talk about boys or sex or vagina-goo, and not want to ask her mum, its a lot less embarrassing to ask her sister, don't be afraid to google things together, and let her know that you can take her to the doctors if she wants to go without her mum.
