I was in a similar position to yours about two months ago.  A little worse off maybe, but close enough to understand the distress.  Even though I knew I could not take care of a child, it was still sad, simply because of what could have been.  One day, you will love your children, if you choose to have any.  You will love them with all your heart, and you know that.  It's hard to close the door to someone you know you will feel that way about, even if it's far too early.  Once the pregnancy hormones start to wear off, the burden gets lighter, and its easier to accept that you made the choice that you needed to in order to be the best parent you can be when the time is right.

I really regret that I had to arrange my abortion by myself and sit alone in the clinic, and endure the event itself in secrecy.  If you can, bring someone with you for support.  The staff should be kind and very gentle and help you make sure you are certain about your choice, but the quiet time waiting before your appointment is a little sad and scary and pretty lonely.

Now for the nitty-gritty of a medical abortion.  If you don't want to think about the actual process too hard, or are easily upset by semi-gory explanations, I'd stop here.  Personally, I really appreciated what straightforward information I could find beforehand, as not knowing what to expect was one of the worst parts.

I had virtually no protesters at my location.  The most I saw was a protest van parked across the street on my way out of the clinic, so I have no advice about this part one way or the other. 

I don't know how far along you are: I also had a medical abortion, at about 8 weeks (right at the limit for age for that procedure).  For me, it hurt quite a bit.  You are essentially condensing your period, a process that takes about a week normally, into the space of two hours.  There's going to be quite a lot of blood for the first few hours (and tissue for the very beginning part), even after the lining of your womb expels itself, so try not to panic, just keep an eye out to make sure you don't start bleeding TOO much (the doctors will tell you how much that is).  Leave yourself some space before you plan to go to bed or you will either be exhausted lying in the bathroom late into the night or be staining most of the things in, on, and around your bed.  For the first few hours, you will NOT want to have to move anywhere.  Make sure to bring a pillow, some distracting entertainment you don't need to focus on (TV, music, the like), WATER (thirsty business), and some snacks.  Heat pads are your friend.

If your doctor gives you painkillers, TAKE THEM.  They don't do much for the contractions themselves (Lord, will you be grateful for anything that takes the edge of those), but they help numb the muscle aches and milder spasms later on.  Just try to take deep breaths and keep calm until the rough patch is over.

Don't put anything into your vagina for a while (infection, and the cervix is dilated so things could get up in there just as easily as come out), but after the first 24 hours or so, you may want to check your cervix to see if there's any tissue caught, which you should be able to ease out very gently.  If you can't don't stress out too much.  You don't want to hurt yourself trying to pull anything out, and you shouldn't be at too high of a risk for infection before your check up appointment.  In my case, the embryonic tissue itself was caught in my cervix and had to be removed by the doctors, and then I had to do another course of the abortion drug.  The second round is a cakewalk compared to the first: half the intensity of a normal period, no severe contractions to speak of.  This round of drugs, along with the followup checkups were covered under the original cost of the procedure (Thank God for Planned Parenthood).  You are going to start to smell before your checkup.  A lot of old blood draining for two weeks makes everything smell like a slaughterhouse, but this doesn't mean you have a horrible infection and are going to die (Unless it's REALLY bad and your blood turns a color it shouldn't.  In that case, I'm a stranger on the internet, I don't know everything.)

You're probably going to feel pretty sad for a few days, even if you truly believe in your choice.  I think this is pretty normal: it's an immense issue to have to deal with for just one person.  If you have anyone to lean on during this time, definitely go to them for their support.  This is a hard thing to have to do, and it's good to reach out to people to try and cope with the overwhelming, confusing waves of emotions you might have about this.  Just knowing you are loved is so important.

I believe you are making the right choice for the family that you may someday have, and for yourself.  But the only one who will ever have the final say here is you.  Good luck tomorrow.  You are very brave, and deserve a great deal of respect.