Easy questions first: How to help your body fight off the virus to (hopefully) make it dormant and reduce your risk of cervical cancer. The obvious eat right, exercise stuff. Take green tea extract supplements or drink a lot of green tea. Go get the gardasil vaccine. Yes, you already have HPV but the shots can protect against other strains and boost your immune system. I was too old for the shot by the time it was readily available, but my sister went through this as well and did these things and never had another abnormal pap (so far, its been 3 clear paps). 
You also cannot re-infect each other. Once you have it, you have it because it is a virus. He will not have symptoms or anything, likely neither will you.  

I understand how scary it is and that there is so much unknown. The doctors DO NOT ever explain this well to any one. Chances are, you will be just fine. This strain of HPV wont harm your boyfriend (disclaimer: there is some increased risk of certain cancers in males, but it is not equal to your risk).
 
I had high risk HPV ( found at 19) that progressed to Stage 1 cervical cancer, which I've managed to fight off a couple times and it's never gotten worse than Stage 1. I'm 27 and been dealing with this for a long time. My doctor has already planned a hysterectomy for when I turn 30( wants to give me the chance to have kids), as long as I can keep fighting the cancer off. 


This is nothing to be ashamed or embarrassed about. I don't know the recent statistics, but A LOT of girls have it and have had abnormal paps. Not to belittle your feelings, just letting you know that there are probably plenty of girls around you who have gone through the same thing. 

Side note: You need to address your cervical pain. A pap shouldn't cause much pain or discomfort, especially not after a few days. You may have something else going on. HPV can cause pain, but typically that is when it is progressing into dysplasia. If your doctor doesn't even need to do a colposcopy, you likely have no dysplasia. 
Sorry for the wall of text, let me know if you have any other questions. 