It's ridiculous because as I said, it's punishing the child for the parents' actions. Parents are required pay child support to the person who cares for the child because it is in the best interest of the child for the caring parent to have adequate funding to raise the child. 

>There are millions of households in the US that are single parent who have no financial support from the other parent.

Please bring me a statistic that backs this up, and also states the *reasons* these single parents receive no support. A statement like this is absolutely meaningless. It could very well be true...but if those households are a product of, for example, a deceased parent, an imprisoned parent, or a parent who has refused to pay child support at all, it becomes pretty clear that these situations are far from ideal for the child. Just because this is a thing that occurs doesn't mean it can't negatively impact the children involved. It doesn't necessarily need to be an obvious impact. Let's take a decent scenario: Maybe the single parent can generally afford to feed and clothe their child, but child support would allow the child to take part in enriching experiences such as a team sport or music lessons or an after school program. Maybe that child support would allow the caring parent to purchase "extras" for the child, such as a laptop, or school supplies, or even board games. These are all extremely important things, but luxuries for many needy families. And they all develop important connections in the brain. For example, [a study recently showed that impoverished elementary schoolers in Oakland gained 13 IQ POINTS after 20 hours of playing specific board games](http://www.nurtureshock.com/IQLeaps.pdf)

>These children are not suffering based on having a single parent and to say so would be quite offensive to those single parents that do fabulous jobs raising the child.

Please point out where I said this. I did not. However, years of research has indeed demonstrated that children of low socioeconomic status are at heightened risk for health problems, internalizing disorders (e.g., depression), and externalizing disorders (e.g., conduct disorder). And that's the tip of the iceberg. So while I said nothing at all about children of single parents suffering, it is indeed true that children of lower SES are at a heightened risk for adverse outcomes...which could possibly be prevented due to the monetary contribution of both parents. So basically, by taking money away from the caring parent, you're actually taking it away from the child, and thus hurting the child for your decisions.

Also, just fyi, your point about adoption is untrue. [As I understand it, in the US, the father must also consent if a woman wants to put her child up for adoption](http://www.dummies.com/how-to/content/adoption-facts-understanding-the-birthfathers-righ.html). In fact, in almost all states, even if the pregnancy came about as the product of rape, the rapist can still assert these rights, and prevent the woman from putting her child up for adoption. In fact in many states, rapists can even assert parental visitation rights! 