I've accepted that stereotype in my past and I will gladly let you know that my love life is gong great. I am engaged and my fiance is the best guy I know. 

I had been with a lot of guys in my past because of this stereotype of "I'm fat no one will date me"...but the fat thing didn't seem to stop guys from having flings with me or a friends with benefits situation. However, no one seemed to want to call me their girlfriend. All that sex was fun for a while but then it got to a point where I really wanted a guy to commit to me and well, I wanted a boyfriend and to be in love. I realized that my actions actually kept guys from committing, not my size. I'm not saying that guys won't date a girl that sleeps around...not at all, but because I was more open to the stereotypical "bad boy" and guys who typically weren't interested in a commitment I was setting myself up for failure...fulfilling a self-fulling prophecy of "no one will date me because I'm fat". That is when I decided to go online and check out okcupid. I liked that they had a way to tell how much in common you have with someone, how compatible you are, etc. 

Now, if you do go the online route make sure you are open and honest about who you are as a person. Don't lie about your beliefs, skills, appearance or anything else in your life. The chances of you being a "horror story" go way down if you're simply honest about who you are. 

However, remember that it goes both ways. You may not find yourself attracted to the person you meet. And, that is okay. You may also find that you'll have to meet many people before you meet someone you find compatible. That happened to me before I met my current SO. I met different guys online and some were cool, some not so much. My SO was the best though and I really did feel instant chemistry with him. Btw, I messaged him first :) 

Good luck! 

P.S. This weekend I went camping and the people next door to us were amazing and this one girl, who happened to be "fat", was the funnest person ever, her personality was great and she was happily in love as well. Sometimes just being positive, confident and happy can make all the difference in the world. :) 