>What I meant with the guy in the OP is that he had a lot of problems that wouldn't be solved by sex. A lack of confidence that clearly wasn't just because of his lack of experience but because he was constantly comparing himself to other men, a lack of empathy, a lack of social skills, mental health problems it seems unlikely he admitted to (I didn't read everything about him, a lot of it was too cringey for me to finish. And clearly mentally ill. I wonder what he was diangosed as.), ect. There is another guy in this thread who thought that this situation wouldn't have happened if the guy had been laid. To me this clearly isn't true.

Check check check check check. While I believe a pityfuck would probably have delayed his act of violence, we can really never know. Hell, he may have ended up strangling any woman who got that intimate with him - it's very hard to tell either way, and certainly presumptive to say "if he'd lost his virginity he wouldn't have done this." It definitely wouldn't have fixed his underlying issues with self-esteem and external values. There's a lot of literature I would have recommended him if I'd known him.

For the record, my understanding is that he was diagnosed with Asperger's, which doesn't at all preclude someone from a normal life in our culture, but which can come with issues w/r/t empathy and social skills. IANAP, but I'd speculate that he'd have scored pretty high on whatever measures we use to diagnose narcissistic personality disorder.

>My other point is that I personally (yes my personal opinion, though I stated it like fact in my post, which is why I deleted it), feel like someone who is constantly rejected by women (which the guy in the OP wasn't. According to users in this sub he never approached women, though it wasn't mentioned in the article) should at least try the friend approach. I mean really try it. I am not saying "suppress your desires" or "lie and pretend to want to be friends than drop her after you get poontang." I mean actually try to give it a go at a relationship and see if you like it. Yes, this isn't possible for everyone. Not everyone is in a position in life where they can be in a relationship.

I'm not opposed to the friend approach, if the man is capable of divorcing that pursuit from his sexual desire for the woman. In my post, I tried to allude to this using the words "ultimate" and "teleological". There are many women I consider platonic friends, but who I would probably be attracted to if I happened to encounter as them as a stranger in a bar or park or what have you. These women are physically attractive, but they're my friends. I don't see them that way, at least not for myself.

I honestly think everyone should at least experiment with interactions with their preferred sex on each level: platonic, purely sexual, and highly romantic. I would argue, though, that someone who is "constantly rejected by women" probably has enough evidence to conclude that some self-evaluation and self-improvement is needed before pursuing a relationship. This could be as simple as using different tonality or as complex as spending a year reading new books, exercising, and trying new things.

>For that matter, I don't really believe in the "friend zoned" idea of a girl not knowing a guy is attracted to her and putting him in the friend zone and never considering as a date. Or at least, not on women's part. I personally think that, bar rare exceptions, if a girl has friend zoned a guy she considers him a friend. Trying to say "how dare she, I should always have a chance," is entitled and arrogant and diminishes her will, as you pointed out. If you think the girl doesn't know you are interested in her then make a move. If she responds with something like "we are such great friends!" then a lot of time she isn't oblivious but is trying to reject you in a nice way. Or she is just incredibly naive and oblivious, which admittedly there are lots of girls like that.

I agree with all of this. With the exception of a few individuals who I'll speculate have some serious empathy or self-worth issues (and maybe some who are just afraid of confrontation) people don't intentionally lead people on or torture them. I agree that most girls, here, would probably try to drop subtle hints like "you're a great friend". I believe this is a terrible way to approach this for a couple of reasons. From personal experience, the average guy isn't great with subtlety in social situations. This is especially true of the kinds of guys we're talking about here. Of course, our cohort tends to assume rejection anyway. 

I find that the psychology of the "friend zone" situation (just using the phrase gives me a headache) dictates that the highly invested individual will interpret the available "signals" in such a way that maintains ambiguity of his "chances" - never becoming so discouraged as to give up, but never quite becoming so encouraged as to logically necessitate the sort of "confession" we all find cute in movies but cringey in real life. ^This is why I believe men should not watch John Hughes films until full sexual and emotional maturity.

Truly, the only way either party "wins" in this situation is to escape it.

>>If I as a man am afraid of never having sex with a particular woman, I'm removing her sexual agency, if only in my own headspace. It implies that I feel threatened or harmed by the idea that she might decide she doesn't want to partake in a sexual relationship with me. This is entitlement, and it is not to be encouraged.

>I don't really understand what you mean here. If I like someone I worry/fear they won't find me attractive or won't like me.

Perhaps I misread your post, and I can certainly see the ambiguity in my statement. The worries you've indicated here are nearly universal: people fear rejection because it provides evidence (superficially) that there is something wrong with them. That's a normal, perhaps even healthy fear, rooted in the desire to be desired or appreciated. The fear I was talking about is not the fear of rejection, but a more specific, sinister one, rooted in the desire to possess: the fear that if I'm that girl's friend, she won't let me fuck her. For the purpose of this discussion, I treat this as a separate fear, independent of the desire to be desired or appreciated. I believe the entitlement behind it is (now) evident. Of course, these motivations are harder to separate in real life, because they're almost universally co-incident to some extent. I think everyone knows what it's like to feel isolated, and everyone knows what it's like to crave power or sexual satisfaction. Both feelings are fundamentally human, but only one of them is at play in rape culture.