My wife and I have this same struggle. She is moderately religious, I am not. At all. 

We are also in the same boat of not really talking about it. It comes up when we talk about growing old, and with our kids. She wants them baptized and to go to church. I dont. 

I am more of a "Ill show you where to look, but not what to see" type of dad. I want them to find answers for themselves, and follow the path that makes them happy. Not be told that a life choice or a belief makes them a bad person. 

It does upset my wife at times. She is of the firm belief that if I don't believe, I will never get into heaven. She wants to spend eternity with me. Truth be told, if there is a heaven, I want to spend eternity with her as well. I love her. Unconditionally. But I wont lie to her about how I feel just to make her smile. 

I see it like this. If there is a god, heaven, angels and all that stuff, great. When its my time to kick the bucket and I have to stand before him and explain why I should get in, I can say I have lived a great life. I have three wonderful kids that I raised the best I could. I have shown them love. I have helped them to learn compassion. To help others and never expect something in return. I loved my wife, and only my wife. I helped people in need and did the best I could do to be a good person. I held high morals and was just an all around pretty nice guy. Yes, I made mistakes. But I learned from them and tried to not make them again. 

That alone should be good enough. If its not, and I am turned away simply because I didnt "believe", then whats the point. 

I would hope that god would go... hey man... I know I pretty much left shit for actual instructions. I never gave anyone any actual answers. But you tried. High five. Come have a burger. 

So, thats where I am. She has slowly started to come to terms with the fact that I will probably never believe. 

Remember...  there is a difference between believing and being a good person. Which would you rather have in heaven (if there is one)?

Sorry for the rambling... Just try to keep an open mind. Listen to his concerns, but also make sure he listens to you. Many people who are religious have a very hard time seeing the other side of things. They are so indoctrinated that even trying to see the other side of the coin makes them feel like they are turning on their religion. It takes time and baby steps. If you truly love each other, it will be fine. Honesty is always best. 