Ok - so a lot of people have written about the fact that the hymen stretches. I'd like to both re-iterate this and point out that this doesn't have to be done in one go!

I'd also like to say you have the right end of the stick here - there's some weird myth that for some reason sex with a man is the best thing to do to get rid of that pesky hymen! Seems a woman has no right to be all up in her junk before a man! I don't really know why it's massively expected for a possibly painful experience to be one that a woman is expected to share - let's face it, first times are rarely all they're cracked up to be and an intact and/or difficult hymen won't help the matter (I should know).

So let's start with your choice of toy - most rabbit vibrators tend to be modelled (although not realistically) on the male member. If g-spot stimulation is what you want there are a brilliant range of g-spot vibrators that will help in that area and tend to have much less girth to them. You might want to think about starting small and slowly working up to something larger (I'm talking about weeks in the middle here - not hours). Once you feel like you are used to a certain size of toy - treat yourself to a new one! Don't feel like you have to push past the pain or make yourself bleed in order for your hymen to stop troubling you. You essentially have 'all the time in the world'.

Lastly I would recommend above all this to get your hands involved. These things are free to you and tend to have about five useful masturbation tools on the end of them. You are already expecting some trouble from your hymen so it could be that in your first session it might be enough to go from nothing to one to possibly two fingers. Again if g-spot stimulation is your aim you are going to find it much easier with your fingers as the g-spot tends to have a rough, ridged texture to it. You might not have much luck 'going in blind' with a toy. 

Lot's of women seem to be slightly afraid of touching themselves and I feel like we've been led to see our bits as a slightly icky thing. Don't hold back and get to know your body!