Whole foods plant-based diet, stat! Watch Fork Over Knives. It's on Netflix. Also, get the book Eat to Live. The related website is here: http://www.drfuhrman.com/library/what-is-a-nutritarian-diet.aspx You can do this and it is going to be life changing!   

I wasn't quite as heavy as you, but after I started a plant-based diet, it was life changing! I had high cholesterol, I was nearly obese, I had PCOS and was heading to diabetes like my mom, I had cystic acne, I had IBS-D, I had borderline low thyroid... all of that is GONE. I also have fibromyalgia and myalgic encephalomyelitis and while I still feel some of the effects of that, both are much much better. I literally thought my life was over in my TEENS because of all the health issues I had. 20s mostly sucked, too. I was on the couch or in bed a lot and I didn't have a lot to live for because my energy levels were so low and my pain levels were so high and it seemed like my body was working against me. Now I am biking regularly and know what it feels like to look down over mountains I've hiked. My best days are still AHEAD of me, I'm sure.  


I went vegan for the animals, but just changing my diet as a result of that was incredible. I had a lot of effects happen even before I started focusing on healthy eating and eating more whole foods. I was just trying to avoid cruelty to animals and then it was like, "Woah, all these health issues I take for granted as unavoidable/untreatable are getting better!" 

And when you feel better, you will want to do more. You will find active hobbies because you feel good getting out. If you can, get out on a bike and just make a habit of it -- not to burn calories or lose fat, but just to feel the wind in your hair. Do things for the enjoyment of them and get in those habits.

You owe it to yourself because there is so much to experience in this life that is awesome. You are going to look back later and be so proud of how much you've accomplished! And it's not going to be about the number on the scale or the calories you had to eat in a day, it's going to be about nourishing your body with lots of great tasty food that gives you energy and nutrients to power you through great adventures. It's not going to be about how many calories you burned or fitting into size X jeans, it's going to be about seeing what's over on the other side of that mountain or dancing to the music because you can't help but want to move to those awesome beats! And then you'll see some pics that a friend of you took while you weren't looking and you'll be smiling and think, "Damn, I look as good as I feel!" 

Much love! And come check out /r/plantbaseddiet /r/wholefoodsplantbased and /r/vegan 