From my point of view, it seems as though you need to talk to him about it more than you have.  Figure out exactly what is going through his head and clarify any misunderstandings.

I and my boyfriend (exactly same ages as you guys) have a slightly similar problem except it's me who sometimes has trouble talking.  Neither of us will yell.  But I will sometimes get into this state in which I'm upset and I just can't talk about it, even to him, even though at other times I'll talk to him freely.  When I'm really upset, I feel as though my words are going to fail me and I just want to be alone.  Perhaps this is what's going on with him?  In fact, with my bf and I, it took me a long time to get to the point at which I could even communicate that I didn't feel like talking about what's upsetting me at the moment, I guess because it would make me seem like a b*tch or something.  I would just go silent.  I was stuck, because I felt I couldn't talk, but just going away would be mean as well.

So maybe you need to figure out whether this, or something else, is what's actually happening for him, and plan out some signal he might give you which lets you know he'd like to be left alone for the time being.  This could work if he agrees to talk to you some other time, after he's feeling better, about the issue (if he's forever unwilling to communicate about it that's a different story).  That's pretty much what I've started doing with my SO.  Now, when I feel I can't talk, I'll tell him I can't talk right now and he'll say okay and accept it and not take it personally, because we've discussed it, he knows how I feel, and he knows that I need time to myself.

Another possibility.  Are you yelling?  Is that the reason for the whole "but I won't yell" thing?  I know I personally, and a lot of people, feel extremely uncomfortable around raised voices.  I cannot think clearly, and experience a flight response in which I want to leave.  This comes from my mother yelling so much when I was a child, I think.  If you ever raise your voice, perhaps something similar is happening with him.  If it isn't you yelling, then perhaps he's just afraid that *he's* going to start yelling.  Has he had problems with his temper in the past?  Maybe he's so afraid of losing it that he chooses silence over taking the risk.

Whatever it is, you need to get down to it, as you've said.  Talk about it, get to the core of your issues, clear up any misunderstandings.  If he isn't willing to talk right away, ask him if there's a time he thinks he might be able to.  If he's completely unwilling... that's when I'd seriously consider ending it.