This really does sound like his bipolar disorder is influencing his moods/actions. Personally, I have *years* of being stable, if somewhat pessimistic, then intense depression sets in and I know that a manic episode is not far away and I'll want to change EVERYTHING about my life.   
  
But if it was me in his position, I'd probably feel very empowered and enlightened, getting the courage to change my job, follow my dreams, "find myself" etc. And if my S.O. told me that all these changes (that I think are positive and self-affirming) could be just a bipolar episode, I'd get pissed. I would feel like my S.O. was belittling all these great new things that I was trying to do, or maybe that my S.O. liked me more when I was unhappy (which would make me think that my S.O. might be holding me back / weighing me down).   
  
Like I said, that's how *I* would most likely react, but my mental health is a very touchy subject for me. I would try to judge how he might react and pick your strategy accordingly. Did he stop his medication because he thought he was healthy enough to handle the disorder on his own? Personally, I've stopped several different meds in a fit of rage (it's *my* brain, I should be able to control it, etc).  
  
If he just quit the meds because he thought he was "better" then he might be more open to talking about it. Either way, I'd be very supportive and non-confrontational.  
  
It sounds like you've played kind of a passive, supportive role while he's making all these changes, but you may need to assert yourself and tell him how important your relationship is and that, while you agree with some of what he has said (ie. both of you growing as individuals), you are committed to keeping the relationship stable and strong.   
  
If he would be open to some kind of couples counseling, I think that would help a lot, or if he's not ok with that (in my experience, the idea of counseling/therapy was horrifying and embarrassing before I started to go regularly) then maybe just have a sit down with him and just talk it out.   
  
No matter what, I think it's important to stay calm and be honest about the way this is making you feel. It's possible that he's right about some things. There's nothing wrong with getting married young, or living together right away, or having a quick engagement. But sometimes people haven't really discovered their individual preferences when they've spent the majority of their young adult years as a member of a couple. It sounds to me like he might be in that stage of "discovering himself" while you are are happy with remaining "part of the whole" - neither of these are *wrong*, they're just different, and it's important that you both understand how you see the situation and how it makes you feel.   
  
This is all just my opinion on the matter, as a person with a form of Bipolar disorder who has dealt with balancing the disorder along with a long term relationship.  
  
All the best of luck to you, and I hope it works out!!