My point stands. More people get their news from TV than from newspapers, especially young people, and it makes no sense to blame people for not masking a scene about something they were ignorant of. You can blame them for being ignorant, and I'm as guilty of that as anyone. I'll take the blame for being ignorant of what's going on, including what atrocities are being committed, but I won't take the blame for ignoring specific atrocities, because I didn't make that decision.

If you really want shocking news, you need an innocent victim and you need sex or something so outside of what we hear about that it's shocking. Selling young girls into sex slavery is the jackpot of shocking and sexy and innocent victims. Dying, even burning to death, is simply not as shocking. It unfortunately happens every day close to home. People typically aren't being burned alive on purpose, but at least once a year a family near my parents burns to death. And some people would rather be dead than live that life. I'm not speaking for these women because I can't, but these are completely different types and lengths of suffering and I don't think we can say either is a worse fate than the other.

This is in fact a women's rights issue **and** a human rights issue. They aren't mutually exclusive. It is important to look at the whole picture, and I don't like that what I've seen of this incident in the media is presented as an isolated incident. That said, what specifically happened to these girls happened because they are girls. That makes it a women's rights issue. The fact that there is even a market for sex slaves is a women's rights issue in itself.

And yeah, I'd be ok with most of those hashtags, because according to the Muslims I know, everything they're doing is contrary to what Islam is all about and the message it sends. I don't think their race is relevant, but the religion they claim to have but don't live by and the fact that they may be adult male humans but they don't deserve the respect that the title "man" implies. This is different from things like "real women have curves" or "real men drive stick" because it refers to actions and attitudes that are directly relevant to the title "men" or "women". And I think that in your last one, #realwomenpayattentiontoworldnews would be more appropriate. 