To everyone who downvoted the above post:

I don't know why this has been downvoted as much as it has been. While it may have been only a few at the time of this post, I speak to the thirteen of you and anyone else who will be or considers downvoting with no explanation.

If you don't agree with it, please explain why, so we can have a productive discussion about it.

Otherwise, I have to say that you disagreeing helps no one. What is this subreddit but a place for women to help women? Not just for information, but ideas. I've seen a few commenters in the past who have effectively claimed that we who post here are posting into an echo chamber. We don't want discussion. We want mass confirmation because this will make us feel safe, secure, and morally superior (depending on the nature of posting). Downvoting a post like this only perpetuates that appearance. If someone is wrong or only seeing one side of an issue, we should be able to freely and politely explain *why* we think that is the case. And at the end of the day, one or both of those people will come out better for it; now they will have a broader picture of the issue at hand and be able to apply that information positively in other discussions or situations.

Here, I'll even give an example from my own life where blindly agreeing would have led to people getting hurt.  I had a friend who was dating another friend of mine. She had a habit of treating him very poorly, but asking me and another friend for advice. The other friend was her yes-man unless she was saying something truely problematic, but I refused to cave in to her desire for affirmation. I gave her honest advice and opinions, and when she actually followed through on them, her relationship improved and her boyfriend was far less abused and stressed. Eventually she threw a fit because I would take "his side" instead of hers, but I think my biggest failing as a friend to both of them was actually not being more honest with her.

So again I say to you all: make this subreddit as good as it was meant to be. This is not an echo chamber. This is a forum of women from all walks of life with a vast array of experiences. Let that bring something to the quality of discussion here. If you disagree, that's fine! Everyone has different views and opinions. But if a post or comment that is otherwise inoffensive has many downvotes and you're about to click that arrow, take a couple minutes to explain why.