Ugh thank you for posting this. I share an all too similar story. I was on YAZ for about 6 years. Never had bad acne before starting, but regular menstrual breakouts. Normal zits I guess you would say. Anyways. I went on YAZ. Almost immediately the skin was clear. But I also gained about 20 pounds. Had horrible mood swings, tired all the time, and I know it sounds crazy, but felt like my immune system was compromised. I was sick at least once a month with a cold/flu. I finally had enough and decided to come off a year and a half ago. Everything was fine til about 2 months later. Started loosing my hair. In clumps. Not long after this, my skin exploded. I mean the worst I've ever been in my life. Terrible cysts all around the jaw line and my back ( which I've never had before even as a teen) theeeeen I started having seizures and my whole right side of my body was completely numb. Like couldn't feel a fucking thing. Went and saw 3 different doctors and an endocrinologist. One of them said I was nuts and birth control would never cause these side effects. I opted out of going on any medication to "fix" any of these side effects and started eating clean, working out. Around 8 months the hair loss stopped completely. The acne continued until about 10 months. I still struggle with it, but IT IS better. Now I will only get breakouts around my period. I'm left with horrible scars and my hair is slowly growing back. My periods are relatively normal again, although my testosterone levels are low and my ovulation cycle is very irregular. All I can say to you, is it will get better. I swear to you. I was exactly like you, even quit my job because I was so embarrassed of going outside. Please feel free to ask me anything, i will help you get through this! I've never felt better being off the pill. My mood has 110% improved and I have not been sick once since being off of it. My sex drive has also returned. 
Some things to keep you positive and motivated... Drink tons of water. Herbal teas. Join yoga or a gym. Something to help you sweat all those nasty shitty chemicals out. Keep your hair tied back out of your face. Change pillow cases often. Keep your skin clean. Invest in a good skin regimen. I use dermatlogica and the oil of olay xpro microdermabrasion home kit. If you have the money, go get biweekly professional microdermabrasion sessions done. It's worth it. I go when I can afford it. I'm skeptical about getting laser treatments because I'm so fair skinned. I take multivitamins daily. I also take biotin/skin supplements for the hair loss. I would watch yourself with biotin though because sometimes it makes people break out instead of heal. I also take oil of oregano pills and the liquid. Sometimes even use a diluted solution for my face. I'll try and think of more and keep posting. 
Keep your head up. I promise. 