>Throughout history women haven't really been able to express their sexuality, so this idea that women care less about looks has come about. 

Taking your tangent and running with it, that's not entirely accurate. Up until ~1800s (early), women's sexuality was not only acknowledged, women were seen as less capable of men in resisting temptations of the flesh -- which is why men were the "moral authority" of the home and church. 

Then with shifts in economy, some changes in the domestic sphere came about, and women started being more the "center" of the home, while men (esp middle class/ upper class men) left the home to take care of public (political/ business) matters. With women as the "center" of the home, the conception of them as the moral authority began to arise. So then began this idea that women were more in control of their sexuality, naturally. That men were ruled by animalistic sexual urges, and it was up to women to reign in the man's natural tendencies. 

That idea is increasingly internalized through the 1800s, until by the late 19th century there's this acceptance that women don't even have sexual urges, and that sexual activity between spouses was only done to have children. This is during the same time that the beginnings of companionate/ romantic ideals of marriage are really starting to coalesce, so obviously that causes some problems in marriage relationships. 

Then in the early 20th century (right through the 1920s or so) there was a burgeoning recognition that women really like sex, and that it is not irrational for women to expect sexual satisfaction in marriage -- which, ironically, contributed to rising dissatisfaction in marriage. At the turn of the 20th century, the US divorce rate was the highest in the world, which caused a lot of hand-wringing about the family being in crisis (sound familiar?).

Then with the 1930s and the Great Depression, all those concerns kind of went to the back burner. With the 1940s, war marriages skyrocketed, and the 1950s "nuclear family" were kind of recovering from the social trauma of the past 30 years (massive wealth divisions, Great Depression, WWII), and with the income growth in the US that came from selling our increased production to the countries with devastated manufacturing overseas, there was a mass growth in suburbia and a movement of women out to the suburbs, and a refocus on so-called "traditional (re: Victorian) values."

TL;DR: History is a mess and the same issues keep coming back like the tides, going in and out. 