Fair enough, my point was that we have a representative democracy and there are more women voters, and the turnout for women is higher than for men, and then there are political advocacy groups just for issues affecting women.  You can say there are advocacy groups that have men in charge (and youre right) but I dont think youll find any political caucus focusing on any problem facing specifically men.

Do you mean the right not to be a parent?  Dont you have the same rights to avoid pregnancy as a man does...either abstain or practice iron-clad birth control?  How is having more options in your reproductive life than a man has somehow mean men are more privileged?  Which even if you assume women should have the right to abort (which I do btw) its just as many women voters as men voters that are working to restrict it (at least in the US).

Are you sure the default human is male and not just genderless?

You know we still practice male genital mutilation and a male draft in the United States right?  I agree its not abortion but its not the exclusive right to "exist in a male body" thats never under threat.  But women are not drafted, can not be drafted, and FGM is quite illegal.

I honestly didnt know that it was a peninsula instead of an island.  Is it a major point of contention in Greece that there is a peninsula that exclude women due to religious beliefs?  Is it a nice peninsula or is it just easier to let the kooks have their space?  Quintessentially sinful, sounds catholic, is that a fair guess?  They are sexist here as well.   All christian dogma is sexist.

I guess thats the main fly in the ointment of all this talk of privilege.  If men are so privileged as a gender then why are more men homeless, incarcerated, killing themselves, suffering much higher workplace fatalities, not graduating high school, and not finishing any college degree at the same rate as women?  Wouldnt a privileged class experience less of those things than a non-privileged class?  Because if they arent so privileged as to avoid those things, then is privilege as a social force really significant enough to warrant discussion?  It seems like privilege is only a really big deal when we're talking about the few guys at the very top who really didnt need it anyways.  The few who would seem to have the power to make life better for men....yet dont.  Why would that be?  Yet they do try to improve lives for women (which Im not begrudging...but it seems like we're assuming just because men are in charge that they are doing things to help men...and that hasnt been established...yet they do things to help women).


> So, yeah, no. Moving on?

Absolutely.  Im really the most curious about your thoughts on: 

> What I really wanted to know was if its ethical to decide on one's own what certain groups based on their skin color or gender should be forced to read and if its not just little bigoted to make that assumption. First off, to what extent is it even ethical to group people off based on skin color or gender...and then assume you know their life experiences to the extent that you know theres no way they could know or be aware of this concept such as they must need to be exposed to it.