Well... yeah, unless things get a lot better really quick, that is going to happen! And it sucks, and you can't really shield her from it forever. This is why it's so important for even men to pay attention to feminist topics, since... you know, making the world better for your daughter, and stuff. 

Would it help if you heard some of the reasons why life is awesome and fun? There's certainly bad aspects, but it's not like every woman goes around being miserable and abused literally all the time. Like, my life is pretty rad and overall sexism-free, compared to most. 

edit: like, I just played Assassin's Creed 4, and there were a couple awesome female characters in there. Their portrayal wasn't perfect, but I enjoyed them (and they were based on some historically *awesome* women, Anne Bonny and Mary Read, two *badass as hell* female pirates who I've always loved!). I just got back from the gym a few hours ago, where I benched my PR again, tried to do a pull-up (couldn't... yet) and genuinely felt absolutely no conflict about performing a stereotypically masculine activity despite the cultural consensus being that I will undoubtedly turn into a hideous she-hulk by picking up heavy things. I didn't wear makeup today, but I did yesterday, and both were fine, and no one cared either way. I think I might be about to start my period, but it's not like it'll be the end of the world, it's just a part of life, you know? I might ask out a boy on Monday, but maybe I won't, because I dunno if I necessarily want a dude right now, and I have the option not to have one! I spent time with my friends all day, who all respect me as a person, because I surround myself with good people (of which there are really, honestly, many). 

All in all? Really not so bad. Life is pretty awesome, all things considered. Being a girl has not doomed me to living through the end of the world every day. Yes, there is sexism, and it is very bad, and it is very unpleasant... but it's not *all* of life, at least for me. There's a lot more to my life than the fact that people in the government don't want me to have reproductive rights, or that some people I meet think I'm less capable than a man, or whatever. I wouldn't worry for your daughter until you actually see some negative impact the world is having on her- and then, by all means, act on it! Act on it with all the fury of a thousand angry parents. But don't despair for her inevitable doom just yet. 

edit edit: man that was therapeutic. Dang. If I were the type to make posts instead of comments, I'd make a "why is your life awesome right now?" thread or something, because that was fun. 