This is something that I have struggled with as well. I got stuck on a path where I was telling myself, "I'm not happy now, but as soon as I hit this next milestone in my life, THEN I'll be happy."  So I would just keep persevering until I hit the next big "moment" hoping that then I would feel happy and fulfilled. This led me into marriage, and working towards the stereotypical perfect American dream life, with a house with a white picket fence, 2.5 kids, etc. I thought those were all the things that would make me happy because that seemed to be what everyone else wanted. 

After just one year of marriage, everything fell apart, and I had a breakdown. I realized that I had completely lost track of myself. I was just going along with what I thought I was supposed to do, and not paying attention to what I actually wanted. So I decided to reset my life. I got a divorce (there was more going on than just me randomly deciding I was unhappy), I got therapy, I moved out on my own and I changed how I was living my life. 

The biggest thing for me was changing the way I view my life. Instead of always planning for and focusing on the future, I have worked on staying present. I focus on what makes me happy right now. I took up mindfulness meditation, which is amazingly helpful for this, and I really think you should give it a try. It definitely helped me to shift my focus, and helped a lot with my depression and anxiety as well. (Anxiety seems to be a common theme in this thread.) 

The other thing I discovered when I went through this process is that I don't really have a "Passion" in my life. Something that I love, that takes up my free time, and gives me a sense of fulfillment. This one, I'm still working on finding, but in the process of finding it, I've taken a lot of fun art and jewelry making classes. I've also started writing, and self-publishing. So, while I may not feel yet that there is one thing I'm super passionate about, I at least feel like I'm exploring new options. I think this would be a good thing for you to try as well. 