Well, medically it was called a "Spontaneous abortion", but I guess it was a miscarriage? Either way I'm not all that shook up about it, but it was SERIOUSLY gross. 

It started with me being like a month or two late, probably closer to 2-3 months late actually. I didn't really realize it because I didn't track my periods and was just like "this is awesome, no bleeding!!" and then...

It was a Saturday. Around 2-ish pm, I started spotting. I was like, "Oh hey there period, there you are. Cool, I guess." Slapped a pad in my undies and went about my day. Around 11pm, the cramps started getting really bad. Like, clutching my stomach and trying not to cry, bad. Then I noticed my undies felt a little weird. Went to the bathroom, wow that pad sure filled up quick, and that is a HUUUUGE clot. As I was sitting on the toilet trying to figure out what the heck was going on, SPLOOSH. I shlorped out another, even bigger clot that made the toilet water splash my ass. Gross to the max. 

I'd heard that you need to go to the hospital if you fill up a pad completely within an hour, so I put a new one on and waited. Well, I waited while crying because holy GOD DAMN these cramps were getting bad. I filled up that pad within 30 minutes, I called my mom and was like "please drive me to the hospital" and she said no because she was sleeping. 

So I called my gramma and told her what's up, and SHE drove me to the hospital. At this point I was writhing in pain in her car, crying, trying hard not to cry TOO loud because I didn't want to upset my Gram-gram. The woman is a saint, honestly. 

We get to the ER, there's barely anyone there (hallelujah) and I'm in a room within 10 minutes. 

The doctor lady takes a look at me and says "Okay, so you're having a miscarriage." and I'm like "shit. Ok." and they give me some IV morphine and I don't feel ANYTHING and start smiling and my poor sweet Gramma is like "Oh goodness sweetheart are you ok?? What can I do for you??" and i'm like "calm down gramma i'm fiiiiinneeee painkillers are awwweessommmeee" and they totally were.

At this point, my feet are up in the stirrups and the nurse(s) are pulling nasty-ass clumps of uterine lining and god knows what else out of me, they say if they can get out as much as possible, the whole thing will be over quicker. I'm like "hell yeah man go for it." 

Then they pull out the fetus, and I ask if I could see it. It's like, maybe half the size of a peach pit. I, in my morphine'd state, was like "ew gross hahaha" and then asked what they're gonna do with it, they said send it to the lab for testing, and I was like "ok".

After about 25-ish more minutes of them shlorping out stuff from my bits, they tell me they got out as much as they could and I can go home. They give me a prescription for Lortabs, I ask if I was actually in labor or was that really bad cramps, they tell me "You were actually in labor." They also give me a brochure to like a support group or something. I never really needed it, to be honest. I never felt like I "lost a baby" or nothin'. It was super gross, and I for sure didn't want another kid. 

The real hero of the story, though, is my dear sweet Gramma. The poor lady gets nauseous and has to lie down if she cuts her finger or sees ANY small teeny amount of blood, but she was a total trooper while I was bleeding like a stuck pig. 

Best gramma ever.