I'm with /u/spsprd/ I don't know why people are jumping on you about this.

I worked in property management with my mother so I want to give you a few tips.  

1. If you don't have money for a deposit right now, look up online or in the phone book for a women's shelter.  What he's done is emotional abuse and they will take you both in if they have room.
       - If they do not have space available, ask if they can direct you to a shelter or safe house that can room you until your both can afford your own place.

2. Your lack of credit and your mom's bad credit may not disqualify you from an apartment.  I've rented to people that are seriously in debt but their jobs pay well enough that it doesn't matter, we made their deposit 1 month's rent so if they fall behind we have a cushion before eviction.

3. If you have no evictions then you are twice as likely to get an apartment.  Additionally, look for complexes or rentals with low deposits, mine was $200 on my apartment.  This is much easier to earn than a full month's rent.

4. Income. Combine your mother's and your monthly income together. As an example if this combined comes out to $1200 bucks, then you can afford an apartment that costs 1/4 to 1/3 of that combined income.  300-400$ would be an affordable rent in the companies eyes, or maybe higher depedning on who is in charge.  This is mainly what rental companies look for and they will verify your income with your employer or require pay stubs on file.  It may not be a glamorous place you get, but you will not be homeless.

5. Public assistance.  Do not be afraid to attempt to sign up for Food Stamps or Utility assitance programs.  In my area there are churches that run food pantries that give out food with no questions asked, some will also pay your rent if you attend their services and volunteer with them.  I'm not religious but if this were the only option to being homeless and starving I'd grin and bear it.
    Also, Community Action in your community helps pay deposits and first month's rent for homeless families.  


Good luck, and stay strong.  This is not yours nor your mom's fault.  What you have to do is cut off contact from Bryan and help your mom stay strong, help support her through this.  But, if she continually goes back to him or let's him string her along, you may have to make a decision on what you're going to do in regards to her as well.  

This is your chance to become independent and take charge of your life. I know you'll manage it, you just have to stay on top and stay strong.
    