There are a number of things that you need to be aware of in how this situation works.  When you enroll for any University, you sign your name in agreement with the student conduct code.  This is where the "authority" comes from for the most part.  Granted, your arm is kind of twisted into having to agree to it otherwise you cannot enroll.


You've stated a few things about your particular case:

1. The alleged assault occurred in October.

2. You reported it in January.

3. You have had a preliminary review in which the Honor Council found the accused "not responsible."

4. You've (appealed?  requested?) a formal tribunal which will review the details of the case.

5. Somewhere along this timeline (I'm assuming after your preliminary review?) you verbally accosted the accused.  This is an important to recognize because a lot of Universities have strict policy against any sort of retaliatory behavior.  If you did lash out at him after he was found "not responsible," you may be in violation of the honor code that you agreed to when you enrolled.  Food for thought.



There are a few other facts about how these kangaroo courts work generally that are also of note:

1.  There are no formal rules of evidence or chains of custody.  This means that any text messages that you have can be submitted as evidence and will not be under nearly as much scrutiny as they would in a real court.

2. The standard of proof is "a preponderance of evidence."  This means that when evaluating the circumstances, they only have to be 50.001% sure that your story is the truth and his is a lie.  Compare this to much higher standards used in a "real" court.  Standards in place to protect the innocent.

3.  When going to the tribunal, he does not have to right to question you directly.  In fact, if you do not wish to speak to him at all, you do not have to.  This is good for you and awful for him because he loses out on the ability to directly confront his accuser.

4.  It varies from University to University, but you are generally allowed to have advocate present on your behalf.  This person is not allowed to speak for you, but rather counsel you as you go through the proceedings.  The accused is also afforded the same privileges with the same stipulations. 

5. Most lawyers won't touch any of these internal cases with a 10 foot pole.  Contact a local rape crisis center to help navigate the kangaroo court.



To sum everything up:  the rights afforded the accused in this particular circumstances are MUCH, MUCH less than they are in a "real" court.  By the lax standards alone, I would not be optimistic about filing formal charges against him through the police.  



The key to "winning" your tribunal is to focus on your hospitalization as evidence of a "hostile educational environment."  The fact that he now is listed as the accused in two separate cases doesn't hurt either. 

 

The main reason that colleges are obligated to investigate sexual assaults on campus is:

Sexual assault => feeling unsafe at school => hostile educational environment ===> sexual harassment.  Because of this, sexual assault and rape are treated EXACTLY the same as run of the mill sexual harassment.  They are afraid of a lawsuit.



You cannot prove what happened or didn't happen in October.  But you can assemble evidence to show that you are currently in a hostile educational environment.  Ultimately, that will be the way you win.