I want to preface this rant with "If you don't like it, or it makes you uncomfortable, don't watch engage with it." There's nothing wrong with that.

As some who also experienced violent sexual assault. 
Yes. Rape is a major theme in game of thrones. I think it's a good thing the show portrays rape in a variety of forms because it sparks awareness and discussion. I would be more upset if they only portrayed rape in the burn-the-village-and-pillage-the-townsfolk sort of one dimensional way. Rape isn't just one thing, it occurs in wedlock, in "loving" relationships, in consensually incestuous relationships, and with paid sex workers. Also its a world where women don't typically get to give consent, marriage is a business consideration.

Yes it is pornographic... it's an HBO show with dragons. Shaming people for enjoying pornography is slut shaming. 

There has been a lot of uproar about the episode last weeks episode with the Jamie/Cersei rape scene. But considering the extremely screwed up nature of their relationship is the question of consent even possible? 

I mean for context they were doing it almost on the corpse of their murdered, inbred, asshole, son. The son who Cersei tacitly encourages to psychologically torment a teenage girl with her fathers death and head on a stick, and encourages that girls non-consensual wedding to her brother, and then encourages him to rape her to secure the legitimacy of the marriage. They attempted to murder a young boy by pushing him out a window mid coitus. They planned the murder or Cersei's husband (Who would also rape her semi-regularly, nobody said a thing about that). Not to mention that the main reason she rejects Jamie is because he's crippled now and that revolts her (which if we want to get all PC is at best shallow or at worst discrimination). 


It just blows my mind that in a show where just moments before they were HUNTING PEOPLE FOR SPORT, the question of consent between a murdering incestuous pair of fundamentally not good people is THE THING that turns people off about the show. 

Whats the solution? Censorship? Never portraying or discussing uncomfortable topics in popular culture? If Game of Thrones causes people to rape, it should also cause an spike in flaying humans and murdering people at weddings.

