First off congrats! Getting engaged is both exciting and terrifying (in a good way, I promise). 

Secondly, take a deep breath. If you decide to have any sort of guest list, this could possibly be the biggest party you've ever planned. Then, sit down and talk budget, when I got engaged we kind of had to meet in the middle on expectations vs reality. and you're going to have to make the hard decisions about what is REALLY important to you. Do you want beautiful timeless photos? Is food your favorite thing (other than your fiance of course)? Pick big thing, and take the cheaper option on the rest. 

For example (I'm going to use my planning as an example because I'm getting married in 10 days, and it's all very fresh), I wanted fantastic photos. For me, besides the marriage, photos are the only thing that last past the big day. So, 30% of our budget is going to the photog. We're having the wedding in my FH parents backyard and going with a great (but more inexpensive) caterer. I'm ordering my flowers direct and spending the day before making the bouquets and arrangements. Instead of a DJ, we're renting a sound system that connects to your ipod. 

Third: Wedding planning is a marathon (unless you're going to the courthouse, then it can totally be a sprint! :) So, don't feel like you have to knock everything off your To-Do list in one weekend, take your time, enjoy the process, and marvel at how it'll all kind of come together in the end. 

Fourth: Involve your fiance! In everything he is interested in! This isn't the brides big day, it's the couples big day. Sometimes fiances won't give a flip about anything, sometimes they plan everything... trust him to be a partner in this process, but if he doesn't have an opinion on peonies vs garden roses, don't take it personally... Believe that he trusts you to plan something that reflects both of your personalities.

Finally, there are lots of online resources out there for planning a wedding, and while that's great, don't get decision paralysis. Eventually, you'll get so overwhelmed with all the options you will have a hard time picking one thing.

Good luck! Enjoy the process and I'm sure it'll be a beautiful day!