6ft tall female here.   Being tall can be really hard when you're a teenager.  You want to fit in, but your height makes that physically impossible.  Plus people (mostly adults who should know better) make silly observations about your height 'Gee you're tall!' (cue eyeroll).  Those kinds of comments just end up making you feel more awkward. It does get better, however.  I have some witty comebacks to comments about my height, e.g.: 'Do you play basketball?' My reply: 'Do you play mini golf?'.  If I'm at a concert and someone behind me makes snarky comments about my height within my earshot, then I make a point of ignoring that person. If that person can't be bothered treating me with respect and asking me politely if I can move, then that person is not worthy of my attention. I refuse to apologise for my height. I've found that those comments about height do become less as you get older, thankfully. 

Other things that have helped me build my confidence: sport.  Playing sports where height is an asset (basketball!) really helps with maintaining/improving coordination when you're having growth spurts.  Buying clothes that actually *fit* from shops that have a tall section, or specialty tall shops helps with confidence. It's a wonderful feeling, putting on a piece of clothing that fits the way it should! If shoe shops don't stock her size, complain. Your daughter should not be forced to buy men's shoes. 

Your daughter will probably be tempted to slouch in an attempt to minimize her body.  Don't let her do it, tell her to stand up straight.  Yes, she'll probably hate being told that, but it will pay off when she's older. My mother nagged me about standing straight constantly, but now I'm so glad she did. I have a tall cousin in her forties who slouches, and it looks terrible.  Being tall really is an asset and something to be proud of, not something to apologise for.  

Have you checked out /r/tall? There's lots of great advice there, particularly about how to deal with the 'gee you're tall' comments.
 
  