First, congrats on becoming a father and for caring so much about her already to ask this question.

I was the only girl in my family and while I don't have any kids yet, I will soonish. The biggest things for me growing up:

1. Teach her. Not only in the "telling her stuff" sense but ask her questions and have her make decisions. Ask her opinion and why she thinks that way. Allow her to make mistakes and reinforce the good choices. 

2. Treat the women in your life the way you want your daughter to be treated. I know it sounds simple but she will pay a lot of attention to this and it could really influence her future relationships.

3. Don't stick her into the "girl" role. This kind of goes along with letting her make her own choices but don't insist on pink things or dolls or what have you. If she likes those things, great but if she doesn't, don't make her. Encourage her play with toys that are more geared towards boys as well, they help increase her spacial recognition and teach her about things she may otherwise not get to use until adulthood, cars and tools for example. 

4. Talk to her about sex. I know it might be embarrassing or weird but educate yourself as much as you can on female reproduction, puberty, hormones, periods and birth control options available. It makes the various "sex talks" much easier if you treat it as if it's just another conversation and if you actually have information for her. Puberty comes early and it's really a scary time, you want her to be comfortable coming to you with questions or if she needs something. And don't make jokes about PMS or "that time of the month". It always made me frustrated and like my thoughts and opinions were less than/irrational because I was female and I just might have my period. 

5. Self worth/sexuality: This kind of is a mash up of various things but they all overlap. Sexuality is rarely talked about with preteens or teenagers and I strongly think it needs to be. This can cover anything from what they think sexy is to how sex impacts them at that time in their lives, how it affects relationships and their feelings about themselves. There's so much more than just the mechanics of it and it is everywhere in the media. Sexuality shouldn't be solely attached to or determined by hair style, cosmetics or material, it's in a laugh, the way someone walks, a quick wit. This one kind of got away from me but please find a way to teach her that she is more than just the way she looks.

6. Traditional gender roles: We are all people and what we can or can not do is mostly not determined by penis vs no penis. She needs to know this.

7. Encourage her to challenge, question, appreciate and explore everything. Love her, support her and make sure she knows that she will always have a safe place to fall when she needs it.

That's...a wall of text. Good luck :)