We lived with my husband's brother for a year, a couple years ago. I hated it. He was spoiled, insensitive, and had the tendency to lash out when he didn't get his way It was mostly a lot of little things that added up to a person I couldn't stand to be around. It made going home a dreaded experience.  

Husband's sister was diagnosed OCD about 6 years ago. She's now 28, living off her parents, working around 2-3 hours a week, but going on shopping sprees with money she doesn't have, and complaining about having to give her parents a fraction of her meager pay to help out with rent. She will literally have a crying tantrum because she wants pizza NOW. (To be honest, I have difficulty navigating around what I should accept because of her illness, and what I should not accept because of her general unpleasantness.)

My in-laws are super sweet people, and I feel bad that aside from my husband (who is a very devoted son), they have another son who doesn't really give them the time of day, and a daughter they will probably have to take care of until they are physically unable to do so. That being said, they are homophobic and culturally insensitive. They give me Jesus books for Christmas and tells mt husband they think it's "disgusting" that I worked on a drag fashion show as a designer. Never to me though, which makes it worse. 

What works for me now is that they are all very far away. Husband's parents and sister are in Hong Kong (where husband and I are from but we moved to the US in 2008), and the brother is close-ish but husband and him aren't really hang-out friends. (Although they do work together.)

I can relate to the frustration you're feeling - sometimes I wish husband would just speak his mind and give these people a good what-for. Especially since if all this crap was going on in MY family, that is exactly how it would down: nobody takes anybody else's shit. 

Though this isn't exactly an answer, I would just grin and bear it until you can move away (hopefully very far), especially if you don't want to feel left out. You can try starting a joint account (that's separate from your own account!) so you can save together and hopefully speed up the move-out process. Talk about timelines and set goals, and make sure this is a priority for the both of you. 

Sorry about the mini-novel! PM me if you need a rant-buddy. :) As we say in Chinese, "add oil!" (to make the machine run faster.)