>  A guy who stalked me still comments on this sub.

That sucks, and maybe you're right about the PMs but maybe you're not. And that doesn't make me wrong. Like I said, I don't really care about that crap. If the postings and comments I've read are typical of this sub then around 15% of the women on it are Scumbag Stacy and posting and commenting as such and they have Scumbag Steve right next to them.

I don't believe that. And I've only been here a couple of weeks. 

Notably rude women are not necessarily trolls. Just sayin'.

There is more than one way to troll and one of the more traditional definitions involves baiting a hook. It doesn't take long to figure out who's doing it where, at least it doesn't for me. You see the tone and you watch the threads degenerate and it doesn't matter who is saying what because they're changing names but there is only so much you can do to camouflage syntax.

I try to be thoughtful and express my opinion with tact or keep it to myself if it might be hurtful, particularly to a victim. I've seen a couple of classics put out there and I'm sure these were guys trolling but I've also seen something else.

Manufactured situations posted by women. I would venture to guess that there's an element of this regardless; people who are going for the karma. But I've also seen enough of it to believe this amount is not usual and some of it is looking for a knee jerk reaction from guys and if they don't get it they make it up.

The point is that I'm in this sub because it's got mostly fantastic women on it and I really do learn quite a bit. But women are people too and they do some of the same things we object strongly to if it's done by a guy. Some of those things are bad by any standard you apply. Since it's a women's sub we do get to censor and I think they're pretty good doing it. But it's a process.

Essentially the comment from the admin confirmed something I suspected about the few women. Those women and what they did damaged the credibility of many. It was categorically fucked up and they didn't even do it well.

So, life goes on.