First, thank you for having the courage to share your story! 

Yes- I can relate to your story. Please allow me the space to share mine. Beginning when I was 6 or 7 I had an uncle that would come to babysit my brother and I that harassed me in a way that seems similar. He said things like "wow, HerpADerpThrowaway77's breasts are really getting huge already! Pretty soon we're going to start having to manage all her date requests and signing permission forms!" to my brother and I, all while making and making a big scene and pointing. And it happened constantly. Another time he made a big to-do about printing out porn from the computer and not telling our parents, another time he thought it utterly necessary to tell me all about breast implants and how I should get them "in a few years." Sometimes it would be peppered with things like "wow you are just getting more gorgeous each time I see you, do you have a boyfriend?" Most of the things said with my parents present were just creepy enough to be "cute" while my parents were there, which in retrospect was probably pretty purposeful to make them think my resentment of him was an overreaction. He even mentioned MORE THAN ONCE that he intended to blow up a picture of me as a child to make a poster to hang on his wall with my parents present. 

My parents made the entire situation even more difficult through a total lack of support, and even did things to further my humiliation and discomfort. As I got older I came to really resent my uncle's presence and would pretend to be asleep when he would come over, which led to my parents accusing me of acting rude, demanding that I come out and socialize with him and even apologize to him for avoiding him. My family is big on hugs and when I turned 13 or so I started to avoid giving him hugs, and this came to a point where my mom forced me to hug him at family gatherings and chiding me in front of the family- a very potent message. Sadly they never asked me why I was doing all these things to avoid contact with him and I couldn't find the language to bring it up to them(I was raised very strictly christian and sex-negative and so unmarried sexual encounters were treated with great shame in my family, which now that I'm older probably had a lot to do with not finding communication to tell them about it). Unfortunately, my parents were not supportive when I finally did tell them about it- At 15 or so I confronted my mom about an uncomfortable comment my uncle made while she was there and she brushed it aside by saying she "could imagine him saying something like that to me too." I finally confronted my mother about the entire situation a few years ago(I think I was 21 at the time, and I stopped seeing this uncle on a regular basis at 16 or 17 due to other reasons) and she flat out told me that there was nothing wrong with the situation, that rather it was my "interpretation." We've pretty much stopped talking about it altogether, as she hasn't budged or made any attempt to acknowledge what I'm saying as legitimate since.   
 
Also most difficult for me was that all this led to me being a very depressed child, I became very overweight and did hurtful things to myself out of this trauma that wasn't being acknowledged as I started hitting puberty. Me being overweight led to me being picked on by peers, which only made my sadness worse. It was all just a downward spiral. Embarrassed and ashamed, I hid in big boyish clothes and shutting myself up in my room to create art which led to my mother CONSTANTLY accusing me of being gay(yes- at 10/11 years old while I also talked about boys constantly) and outlining the consequences for being so(kicking me out, etc.) It was really just all terrible. She eventually came off it after putting me on a dangerous diet that led to a 40 pound weight loss over a summer between 7th and 8th grade that improved my confidence.

Amongst other difficult sexual trauma in my life, this has led to many difficulties in my sex life. I think it is a lot like what you describe. I used to have random flashbacks that would arise suddenly with no seeming trigger that would cause me to freeze. I started dating at 14 and when I would be touched in a consensual way I would sometimes just freeze, and "block out" what was happening, which led to unexplained panicking. It would be very frustrating for me because I would fantasize about the sexual encounter occurring in private and then when the opportunity would arise, I just couldn't go through with it due to this unexplained panic, leading to a lot of awkward sexual situations.   

I am 25 and still going through the healing process. What I try to do is to find supportive environments- friends, online communities, etc. Personally, I feel like what makes this kind of situation so traumatizing was the lack of acknowledgment or action to make the situation stop happening- like my uncle(and in your case, your teacher) was entitled to do what he was doing and I had no choice but to put up with it and be shamed and embarrassed by the same people who were doing nothing to stop the situation. 

What I can say is that I'm 25 and still going through the healing process. And that healing process is constant. But what I do is to seek out ways of making myself feel empowered sexually- finding supportive friends, talking about sexual empowerment with others, and seeking out things that make me feel good in my sex life. It's definitely a messy ongoing process, but doing this has slowly helped me to take control of my identity and my satisfaction as a sexual being.   

Sharing your experiences and trying to work through your trauma to grow is AWESOME and no one should make you feel like you are "overreacting" by seeking support to work through a traumatic situation like this! Can't say enough how I support posting things like this to start meaningful conversations surrounding these issues.  