I can't believe how much undeserved flak the admins are catching for this.  Seriously--what do you expect them to do, cover up for sexual harrassment by 2X regulars against other 2Xers?  Pretend that people aren't sending themselves hate mail when they apparently are?  Some of you seem to think that they're lying.  These admins have tools to figure out if those things are happening (they can look at IP addresses), and you don't.  What basis could you possibly have for dismissing that post, except that it doesn't fit in with your world view?

Secondly, they certainly haven't ignored the issue!  They even gave you an alternate way to report harassment without using the same queue that everyone else does, saying that it allows them to get to your reports faster.  That's preferential treatment, which indicates that they acknowledge the problem and are trying to help!  I wouldn't be surprised if the idiots at theredpill were bitching about "reverse sexism."  You guys shouldn't be mad!

Regarding the statement that people won't believe you now if you really do get hate mail: don't shoot the messenger.  Blame the people who actually lied, and definitely blame the people who cyber-bullied 2Xers just so that they look oppressed (and they are cyber bullies, just like any man who sends unwanted sexual PMs).  You're right that people might be a little doubtful now, and that sucks.  On the other hand, the admins should still be on your side!  They can see the IPs, so they have a pretty good idea that you're telling the truth, and will ban people appropriately.

OK.  Rant over.  I'm also disappointed in cupcakes' "2 to 4" comment, since there's obvious statistical bias.  It emphasized high-profile cases such as when people make threads about it, and those are probably more likely to be lies.  It ignores reports that aren't tied to 2X (when you report a PM the admins probably don't bother looking at what subs you post to most to see that you're a 2X regular).  The message should be that there's a significant number of "fake" attacks, *not* that there's an insignificant number of real PMs. 