I think the lukewarm letter was a huge problem. There many other factors at play this year, including there finally being a critical mass of job openings. 

In terms of the family situation, most of the departments I applied to had maybe one woman on the faculty. A couple of locations didn't have any women on the faculty within the department I was applying to. One of the institutions with only one female faculty member asked me point blank in my pre-interview what my family situation is and whether that will be a problem for committing to the stress and challenge of the tenure track. Needless to say, I did not end up at that institution. 

Interestingly, I ended up accepting a position at the most progressive R1 I applied to. My new department is 40% women, the highest percentage of anywhere I applied (and perhaps the highest percentage in the country! I need/want to check this). Also, this was the only department that did not find some way to beat around the bush and ask me about my family situation during my interview. The university has such progressive family leave policies (paternity and maternity) that they are trying to make it a non-issue.

One thing that really struck me from this year of interviews and applications is how subjective "the best candidate" is. There is no such thing as "the best candidate". Each department is looking for "the best fit candidate" and that is much more nebulous than numbers of papers, grant dollars, and potential. In departments that were predominantly male, I felt at a disadvantage. I think that there is an inherent bias to assume that "the best" is what you know. Especially, if there is already a "token female" on the faculty. Also, I was told by one department that they were under tremendous pressure from higher-ups to hire a woman since they have had 4 women leave in the past ~5 years because they failed to get tenure. o_O So, no matter what that person will be at a disadvantage because even if they were the top candidate.

I'll leave it there because I am starting to soap box...

I certainly don't think a Nature paper is necessary for an R1 job in every field, but in my field they are a bit more common among R1 faculty. Most of my colleagues at my new institution have at least one Nature or a Science first authored paper, if not multiple ones. I think the best way to tell what is considered standard is too look at the CVs and publication records of faculty at schools you are interested in. That actually was a real eye-opener to me. Look for typical number of grants, where those grants are from, typical numbers of papers, where the papers are published, typical numbers of graduate students. If you look at those faculty and think "That is the level I strive for", then R1 is likely a great fit for you.