It is totally okay/normal/healthy to dislike your mom.

Being a mom-- like every other job in the world-- is something some people are naturally gifted at, something that others can learn to do well, something that some have to struggle at and may never really get right despite their best efforts... *aaaaand* something that some people are just totally absolutely not cut-out for and never will be.

Your story is pretty similar to mine and my mom's-- one big difference being that my mom is very smart and a very hard-worker and, well, she would fall into that third group I mentioned above: she's been trying her damnedest all my life to be a Good Mom-- but the fact is, she and I are irreconcilably different personality-wise and that's not something she'll ever be able to overcome.

At this point (after a lot of therapy) I've accepted that when it comes to social/emotional stuff, I have to *always* take the high road with her. I have to accommodate her. I have to shield her from stuff she can't handle, accept a certain amount of unintended verbal abuse and just brush it off, *listen* to her constant advice on stuff but then immediately force myself to forget it lest it ruin my life, and just basically be the best-friend sort-of person she was never socially well equipped enough to get for herself.

I *could* just cut her off. Refuse to speak to her anymore-- but I think in the long run that would just make me feel worse, not actually fix anything with her, and, truthfully, I know she *means* well-- she just does not have the ability to understand me. She never has and she never will.

One of my coping strategies is that I won't spend more than a day or two continuously in her presence (if it can be helped at all)... Growing up under her roof, I learned how to be extremely patient with mean, angry and irrational people... but even I have a breaking point. More than two days in her company and I start to lose my cool.

I encourage you to stop guilting yourself for not loving/liking your mom-- you are not responsible for her in any way and that is all there is to it. You don't owe her anything and don't let anyone shame you into thinking otherwise.

If you don't want to cut her out of your life completely-- set boundaries, even if they're secret invisible boundaries that you don't tell her about. Identify for yourself exactly how much time you can bear to spend with her and then refuse to exceed that limit. And don't feel beholden to visiting her periodically-- there's nothing wrong with choosing not to see her for months or a year or more. Give yourself space to get over her and even grieve over the fact that you didn't get the mom/daughter relationship the world taught you to expect.

The thing about relatives is that you *can* not see them or speak to them for a long time and then come back to them and that's okay.
