Blergh that sucks, lady. We moved overseas for my job last year and my husband works from home; while his work has gone better than yours has I know it's been a big adjustment for him as we went from a pedestrian-friendly, greenspace-filled North American city to a hot, dusty, traffic-filled, sidewalk-less city in the Middle East. 

I agree with other posters that your best bet is probably to do some heavy-duty "silver lining" action. It'll feel hokey, but just go for it. Eat gelato! Learn some Italian! Use meetup.com to plug in to other expats, check out hash house harriers if you run and/or drink, take a class in something. Living in other countries is never without challenges but it's also an amazing opportunity. Since this hasn't been a great year for your job, figure out what you can get out of your experience so that it's still a worthwhile year for you - whether that's learning a new skill, starting a blog, or just wandering around soaking up your host country's atmosphere.

It's also important to talk to your husband about this. When we were preparing to move, we took some courses through my work about adjusting to overseas life, and a common issue is that the working spouse adjusts much more quickly than a spouse who's at home, because when you're working your day is often very similar to how it was at home. You need to flag to your husband that you're struggling, because he should recognize that you've made a big sacrifice for him and he needs to support you - whether it's by just making sure you guys get some high-quality couple time in the evenings or making an effort to introduce you to people, or whatever. 

I'd also recommend checking out the [US State Department's blogroll](http://www.afsa.org/foreign_service_blogs.aspx) as there are a lot of spouses who blog and what you're feeling is definitely a common theme - it can help to see that others are in the same boat and vent to people who know what you're going through, instead of people who think you're being ungrateful (because of course, living overseas usually sounds dreamy to our friends and families at home!).


