I think you're overlooking the imagery and effect the images have on people. I'm not only talking about children here. Go to a supermarket and look at the magazines. Most are advertised to adult women, and the images are of women in sexualized positions. 

From the time we are young, we're taught that what is most important is that we look good. Studies have shown that, time and again, women would choose a hot body over a strong mind if given an option. You can choose politics or fictional characters or anything in between, and you'll see one thing in common: the women almost always have to look good.

That isn't the case for men. A man like Chris Christie can be a politician. Comedians can look like Louis CK. We see morbidly obese male actors regularly. Male athletes can be ugly. It doesn't matter. For women, we are taught it *does* matter. Even if you look at fictional female characters, the women need to look good. Short & ugly Barney Rubble? Married to beautiful Betty. Fat & balding Homer Simpson? Married to tall & thin Marge. Look at popular television shows. In Seinfeld, you have a pretty unattractive Kramer, a fat George, a fat Newman, but Elaine is pretty. That is almost always the case. A man can be unattractive but still smart or funny. A woman can't. You can see it true in other areas as well. Olympians are the best in the world at their sport. We celebrate athletes like Michael Phelps. For the women, people usually talk about their skin tight uniforms. People tune in for the bikini volleyball or the skintight cross country skiing outfits. On Reddit, people post pictures of the ass of the track stars. Again, when it comes to the women, what matters is how they look, not what they do. The same is true, as I said, of politicians. When we talk about male politicians, we don't talk about what they look like. "Oh, that Senator is bald and ugly." We don't do that. For the female politicians, we do. "Oh, she wears pantsuits." 

The point is that there are almost no female characters--real or fictional--that portray women in any other way other than attractive. If a woman isn't attractive, we pick her apart to death. [Look at this post from /r/twoxchromosomes earlier this week](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/25p6km/sarah_millicans_awesome_response_to_twitter/). That comedian was brought to tears by the cruel comments and tweets from people about her ugly dress. People called her fat and ugly. 

My point stands. Women are told from a young age (and are still told in adulthood) that they must--above all else--look *good*. Often, good is equated to sexy. Women are told how they should cut and style their hair, how it should be colored. How they should shape and shade in their eyebrows. How they should apply makeup and pierce their ears and wear jewelry. We're told how to inject ourselves to hide wrinkles, and we know how our collar bones should look. We know how our arms should be toned and not jiggly, how it's wrong if we have dark body hair. We know how we should keep our nails and paint them colors. We know how perky our breasts should be, and we have bras and Wonderbras and surgery to enhance them. We know what measurements our bodies should be, how our hips should flair from a tiny waste and into a pronounced booty. We even know how our labia should look, and how we should wax our pubic hair off. We know about stretch marks and cellulite and how to keep our legs shaved and smooth. We even know how to keep our toenails looking cute, and there are even toe rings to decorate them. Our entire bodies are objects, and we have to look good. If we don't, we're cut down mercilessly, even if what we do isn't based on our looks. You can be Secretary of State, and people will make fun of your outfit, if you're a woman. If you're a woman, you **will be** objectified. 

So, women are trying to stand up against that. It's not wrong to point out this objectification of women and show how ridiculous it goes. A woman can't even be in a fight and be a bad-ass without wearing a latex suit and flex in a way to show off her butt. It's all the same message, whether you're talking about a super hero or a politician. 