I live and quebec too and the hijab is no way shape or form a pretty head accessory. Who are you to think you are entitled to see my hair or neck or chest ? Absolutely no one. It's not about what you think is ok it's about what makes a person uncomfortable. You wouldn't remove your top for a Picture now would you? Because you get to decide who sees your body and how much of it. A hijab doesn't stop anyone from seeing your face and communicate with you. It's not a burqa or niqab. Of course there was outrage! Why would the Muslim and Arab community of montreal bend to the whims of the intolerant people of the regions who we never get to interact with anyways ? Why would there need to be a vile charter of discrimination even propose by such intolerant people as Drainvillle? Are we in crisis? Is there an actual problem with good doctors and nurses wearing a headscarf ? No we aren't and no there isn't.

You're coming off as if you don't believe it " if it I their choice..." Ya it is their choice and THAT is why they don't want to remove it. It's called consistency of belief and actions. The only reason it became a debate in the first place is because Marois tried to scapegoat the minorities to start an election ( how glad I am it blew up in her face).

My grand mother is a " pure laine" a 100% quebec lady who eats pork and drinks wine, just like the good old PQ likes it. She was eating in a restaurant when who else but Drainville walks in with his troops to talk to people about the charter. He approached  herald said
 " hi mam can I talk to you while you eat ?"
She looked at him like he was dirt and told him " I don't want anything to do with you"
He looked taken aback and said " are you sure?... It's for people like you and me we are doing this "
She looked him dead in the eyes and said " my daughter wears hijab, do you still wanna talk to me ?"
He completely lost his smile shock his head and left. 

My mom converted to Islam in 1992 and she said that she never understood racism until the day she put a hijab on. All of a sudden she must no be able to make educated decisions for herself. Or if he is she's clearly making the wrong choices and needs to be saved somehow !

I want to wear hijab but it's extremely difficult because of the way people treat you and react to it in some places. I will be out with my bf any day and no problem at all. If I decide to put a scarf that day around my hair, I can get dirty looks and some people even look at my bf like he's somehow a bad person. I don't want to wear hijab full time because I am not by my behavior a good example of a Muslim person and do not want to act badly with a hijab on which would cause bad publicity for the rest of the Muslims. If they see you do something stupid, then you are a stupid person. If they see you doing something stupid with a hijab on, then it's somehow your religions fault. 

We are people and the opinions and apprehensions that have been made common about us is beyond ridiculous. These are our lives and if you want to go out in a bikini everyday go ahead and do it but if you don't want people to think lesser of you for having no clothes on you should not feel superior than those who do want more clothes on. 
It's not a hat you out and remove, if you think that it shows you truly have no understanding of what being Muslim is and the kind of spiritual journey people engage in before wearing the hijab. It's not a one day or one week decision.