I'm really glad that you decided that A) this is a problem and B) you want to help. This is a really, *really* crappy situation, and I see you've got a lot of support already (which can be both great and overwhelming), so be sure to break things down into small steps, just little things to start doing, so you don't get overwhelmed. This kind of battle is really hard to fight when you go at it full-force, and it can take years before things get to anything like normal. 

1.) Show an interest in the things she likes, the things she does, and what's going on at home. Make it clear that you are open to conversation, even if she keeps rejecting you. The way it was with my foster sister was she only opened up to me after I made it clear that I cared about her welfare and honestly wanted to help. Talking really helps, any kind of talking at all, even if its about seemingly insignificant topics like what she had for breakfast or what kind of projects she's doing at school. 

2.) Talk to your siblings alone, if possible. Have them understand that it's not right to pick on her, even if Dad does. Ask them to do you a favor and pay attention to Claire, ask her what she's been doing, or what it is she likes, or if she wants to do something with them. The more people you get on your side, the easier it will be, because they're constantly at home with her and might be able to help more often than you will by yourself while being far away. 

3.) Push her, and push her hard, to do things outside of school, like projects, groups, and clubs that she enjoys. This is a tough one because she's got social anxiety, but if you keep asking her or suggesting, she might think about it. For the troubled kids that hung around me, what really saved their necks was going out and doing things with the choir, the drama club, the art club, and other extracurricular things (preferably the ones that don't cost money). Youth groups at church are *amazing* for this because it's a group that is literally created for the purpose of serving each other's needs, and mine helped a lot of kids that were in bad homes. 

4.) Bide your time with CPS. Honestly, they have a three-strike policy, and the goal is to reintegrate the child back into the home. I'd know, we're a foster family, and that's what they teach in their classes. They *want* to send the kid back home with Mum and Dad. You'll need solid evidence for them to even start an investigation, and there is a good chance your case may be thrown out. That sounds really bleak, but if you can get any kind of good evidence of abuse in the home, especially physical, it will start an investigation that could potentially remove all your siblings. Your parents will take classes if they want to continue custody of their child, and in the meantime hopefully your sister will be old enough to leave at that point, otherwise all of them will go right back until your parents run out of strikes against them. 

Really, the best advice is to make your sister realize she's a human being who doesn't deserve to be treated like this. If you can get a good support system for her, things will get a lot better.

I know people think this is weird when Christians say it, but OP, I'll pray hard. God be with you. 