Ahh I have 2 very fun pregnancy and birth stories.

Child #1 Aka the parasitic Alien head

As far as pregnancies goes this one was pretty uneventful, other then I BARFED FOR 9 MONTHS. Every day. Morning, noon and night. Oh and there was to much amniotic fluid so I looked like i was having twins...Split my abdominal muscles down the middle. 

Labour...now that was the fun part. Contraction started at midnight Sunday. Kid was born TUESDAY afternoon. 8lbs 6oz   Broke my tailbone. 15 years later it STILL aches.


Kid #2 

Oh boy the fun started right away with this one. Had sex, started barfing 4 days later. Yeah another 9 months of non-stop barfing! This time accompanied with heartburn and the inability to control when I pee.

Did I mention kid #1 didn't sleep? I mean Didn't sleep. Would sleep 2 hours in a 24 hour period...

Too much amniotic fluid again, this time much worse. You know how they measure your fundal height to see if things are growing properly? You get to about 38 cm at around the time you give birth...I measured 72. Almost 13 years later...I still need surgery to fix the extra skin.

Got to about 7 months Kinda OK, At around 7 months my kidneys started shutting down. I was put on bedrest. Bedrest, with a toddler and a husband that worked nights and slept all day and did NOTHING to help...

2 months of bedrest, kidneys making me feel like shit, they finally induce labour. 

Contractions were slow and not really doing much, Doctor decided to break my water to speed things along. 

Water gets broken. Cord prolapses. Babies heart rate stops...I'm in so much pain I'm literally blind which up until then I thought was just an expression. 

Husband is panicking.  Nurses drag him out of the room. Nurse is PUSHING down on the top of my belly, Doctor shoves both hands inside me and Rips the baby out of me. Nicu team pours into the room and takes the baby away. I don't even know if it's alive...if it's a boy or a girl.  They let husband back into the room but he passes out as soon as he comes in...apparently there is a lot of blood on the floor. 

The very nice plastic surgeon that they get to come in to sew me up tells me after that my vagina looked like an octopus had blown up. Took a team of 3-4 people 2 hours to stitch me back together.
Baby survived. Baby is special needs. 


My body is ruined. I have no bladder control. 

Having kids is fun. 


*edited to add. I still have nightmares of having my cervix punched from the inside. Worst feeling I've ever felt.

