Gosh, I hated being a woman in a physics program.

It was never the faculty that was a problem. No, they were always helpful and respectful, and most of them didn't point out my gender or comment on it. If they did, it was along the lines of "It's nice to see more women studying physics than there used to be."

The other students though? Fuck my life. I'll be honest here and say that most of them were not a problem, but the ones that were were really diligent in trying to make me absolutely miserable.

I was studious and learned really quickly. I had perfect homework scores, my test scores were always on top. I also worked much faster than the other students and spent a lot of time studying. I frequently tutored and helped other students complete their homework after I was done with mine. Studying in large groups usually meant that I was walking some of the others through homework problems.

None of that mattered though and I was still harassed for being stupid. One student would frequently harass me about my homework being incorrect while I was helping others, and I say harass because he was always wrong about insisting that I was incorrect about something. I'd frequently get comments about how I couldn't compare to the male students of the class when only one of them ever managed to get a higher test score than me. I would be working on a program in lab, and one guy would sit behind me and tell me that nothing I was doing made any sense and my program must be terrible, and I told him maybe four or five times to mind his own business. He would do this almost every class (fun fact, I completed that lab two days ahead of schedule and my program ran perfectly the first time I ran it). When I was hostile in return, and told him that I'll take his corrections seriously if he ever manages to actually make one, I was berated by our friends for being a bitch.

When I was secretary of the club, the president asked me out and I declined. He was in a relationship with someone else about two days later, but that didn't stop him from going out of his way to bully me for the rest of the school year. He would reschedule officer meetings when I was unavailable because I had class and said that I should resign for being so irresponsible, he would "cancel" club events to stop me from attending them and later harass me in front of others saying that I was a flake, he would refuse to forward me the paperwork that he asked me to complete and would scold me and say that I was incompetent during club meetings in front of everyone, and when I found alternative means to get said paperwork he would scold me for going behind his back and making him look bad, he would make fun of every idea that I had and then would take credit for it later, and finally he said that no one in the club was actually friends with me because they all thought that I was too difficult to get along with because I was such a bitch. I stopped being friends with him, and was harassed for being cold-hearted and unforgiving by our friends who tried to encourage me to "just get over it". Most of them didn't take that stance, and I stopped talking to the ones that did.

I eventually stopped talking to everyone though. I ended up becoming super depressed and took some time off because I couldn't cope.

I honestly don't know what can be done about that. For some of it I only believe that thicker skin could have helped.

Perhaps seminars about how not to be a total shit to your peers would be a start. More on point, seminars on how to have tact and what is not appropriate in a work or school environment. There should be a mention in there about how not to talk to women, ever, and why. I'm sure some of them, especially in college, are just inexperienced and have no idea how their actions affect others.

Some advice on good ways to respond would be great, too, because honestly it's sometimes hard to think straight when you're feeling anxious and uncomfortable. How to offer support or diffuse a tense situation without taking the offense would be great, too. I feel like if someone had just said "Hey, leave her alone already" that I would have felt much more comfortable in the lab.