Hi

I proposed to my boyfriend and we're married now almost 8 years :D

> 1) I've always pictured the guy proposing... but don't actually have a problem with 'stepping up' and doing it. Women who've asked - does this stupid standard ever bother you in the back of your mind and you kinda, sorta wish you'd've waited for him to do it?

No way. I don't tend to wait around for someone else to live my life for me! I wanted to marry him, I thought we were ready and I wanted to give him a really great memory.

> 2) Will he be offended that I didn't wait for him to get the courage?

To be honest, if a man is offended at this beautiful and most complimentary gesture (highest compliment you can receive really), then wtf? What is wrong with him?

> He's very introverted but super romantic. I can tell he's genuinely thinking about it because of the glint in his eyes whenever the topic comes up (on tv, in our jokes, him really wanting my very intimidating dad to like him, etc.), but our first "I love you" story is of me stealing the words from him (I knew he was about to say it, he was teary eyed and nervous) and he says he was relieved. Not sure if proposing marriage is something he'd be relieved about if I beat him to it, too....

I don't think considering it a race is a good thing :) You're not 'beating him' to anything - you want to marry him, you love him, you want to tell him, you want to be married... it's a beautiful thing. Do it because you want to. You are two adults of equal standing in a loving relationship - there aren't roles you have to adhere to. 

> 3) How did you do it? Did you have a ring? Did you drop to one knee? Did he repsond the way you expected?

I gave him a day of spoiling for his birthday, which was the day I did it. So I took him shopping to buy him something nice to wear that night (thank you credit card), then went to the ballet in the Royal Opera House, then went to dinner (all on me, of course) and then afterwards we went for a walk down to the river and halfway across the bridge, I proposed. I didn't go down on one knee because I don't like the idea of one person begging or prostrating themselves when it's an equal partnership. Also I was wearing white :) He responded by saying yes through laughter and hugs... so I didn't hear the yes and had to ask him to say it again :)

I didn't have a ring because I guessed he wouldn't want one. We talked about it but neither of us could see anything good in one of us having a ring and one not having one - didn't really go with the 'us' and 'togetherness' of marriage. We also looked into the significance of an engagement ring and decided we didn't agree with it for us.

We've always had a very open & honest relationship and we knew one of us was going to propose at one time or another but neither of us knew who or when :) I HIGHLY recommend it - it really is a beautiful thing to be able to do for someone else. I love spoiling him and making him feel amazing and loved and I love that I was able to express my love for him in this way.