In my experience, this sort of issue, which often comes from having unrealistically high expectations for oneself, is very deeply rooted into the fiber who a person is.  This is not to say that he can't change, but that there is likely little you can do to change it.  I think the best thing you can do is just learn to live with it, the same way clean people learn to live with messy people, and punctual people learn to live with people who just can't be on time.  Don't see his lack of self-acceptance as a reflection on you, how good of a girlfriend you are, or how well you are communicating your love for and approval of him.  It is just a part of who he is and until he wants to change it from the roots, it is likely how he will remain.  This is probably a lot of what drives him to achieve (whether socially, at work, or at the gym) so it is useful for him in a lot of ways.  

I have lived with this before in men, and I did let it finally get to me.  First I tried to fill the void with love, demonstrations of my appreciation of him and who he is, and lots of patience.  But over time, i let it get to me. I was working and working to show how great he was and how I wasn't judging him for the things he thought were bad about him and he just wasn't getting it.  Soon, I became resentful of all the work I was putting in and felt under-appreciated because no change was happening.  Then, eventually, I started to let his issues with self-image affect my self image: shouldn't he feel great that he has such an awesome, patient, loving girlfriend? Maybe I am not a good girlfriend, or as attractive or desirable as I thought?

With those guys, their unhealthy narcissism would have killed the relationship anyway because they weren't happy with themselves,thus they could never really be happy with me.  Once the honeymoon was over, it was *over* and reality really set in.  I don't think that is necessarily the case with your guy, but I caution you to give him room an d to go more the route of just accepting this as flaw like messiness or lateness and just learn to pick-up after him a little and be flexible about time.