Head over to /r/LadiesofScience, it's a great community that addresses a lot of these things!

I'm similar to you in that I never really noticed being treated differently growing up female and interested in science. In high school, my teachers and classmates treated me like a normal person, and this let me ignore the fact that I was one of three girls (out of ~30 students) in my physics class. When I got to college (I'm going to a school that, similar to RIT, is an engineering college and we're about 30% women, worse in my major) I gradually started to notice more and more little things, I think largely for two reasons:

1. I started learning more about feminism / women's movements and thinking critically about the way gender and society interact, and 
2. I started to be really challenged by my coursework and the resulting insecure voices in my head started to say things like, "maybe it's true that girls are no good at math."

To answer your concerns about being treated differently - I've experienced very little to no direct sexism in school, especially from professors. From my peers, things are a little different, being that women are such a minority here - people would use my gender as the basis of jokes, make comments about how I was the only woman in the room that made me feel isolated and uncomfortable, etc. Your peers will be a lot of young people, many of whom haven't thought very much about gender roles or how their actions affect other people. But, the great thing about college is that you can be friends with whoever you want to, so surround yourself with people who don't make jokes about trading blowjobs for homework help. [This is a good article](http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/psysociety/2013/04/02/benevolent-sexism/) about "benevolent sexism," which is something I have run into a bit - things like, "Hey, you should do the report, because girls are better at writing, and the boys will do the experiment!"

The best thing to do is work hard and make lots of friends who treat you like a human being. Like you said, biology is one of the best STEM fields in terms of the ratio, so that will help. Work on getting organized, and don't worry if you don't get things as quickly as other people seem to - odds are they have either seen it before, or they're putting their best face forward. Everyone struggles in STEM at times, it's hard! Look up things like [imposter syndrome](https://counseling.caltech.edu/general/InfoandResources/Impostor) and talk to people about it, I promise you'll be surprised at how many people (male and female) feel like they're not smart enough, or that they don't belong.

Last piece of advice - don't let this stuff get you down. Yes, inequality still exists, yes, there are still assholes who think women don't belong in science. But they're rare, they're disappearing, and the best way to fight it is to just do whatever the fuck you want to do. Time that you spend worrying about whether people are looking down on you is time that you're not spending learning bio and math. 