As someone who recently went through a pretty traumatic armed home invasion, I completely empathise with how you're feeling. The fear of when it happens in or around your own home is the worst. Mugged or attacked on the street? Still absolutely horrific experience but you can go home afterwards and feel a measure of safety. But when that sense of safety is taken from you, you start to feel like your own home is a ticking time bomb. Every sound, every shadow, gives you that horrible adrenaline spike and feeling of dread.


Someone here suggested putting bars on the windows and I highly recommend this. I know they look awful but I'm sure you can find ways of making them pretty funky. I'd also suggest an alarm if you can afford one, we have beams around the house now, it obviously won't stop an actual invasion but sometimes having that warning can at least give you an illusion of safety and a few moments to lock yourself in somewhere and call the cops. It also means you won't have the horror of waking up with someone in your home.


I also see you mentioned in another comment about learning self defence techniques/tools. I can't tell you how much this helped me get over my own ordeal, it helps you fight that sense of complete powerlessness that comes after something like this (though we were also told a thousand of times by police and other victims that if you are in an invasion situation to co-operate calmly - it still helps to know that if shit goes down you can at least do a bit of damage back to the bastards). Also as for guns I've heard too many stories about people waking up to find their own gun pointed at them, unless you're absolutely positive in your own ability to pull that trigger in this kind of situation I'd suggest something non-lethal like pepper spray.


And most importantly do not let them steal your own home from you. Do not let this break you. It fucking sucks so fucking much when something like this happens but you can't let it turn you into a paranoid wreck. And seek trauma counselling if you need it, I know from your story that nothing went down in the end but that doesn't make it any less terrifying.