The trouble with this line of reasoning is it places the onus on the victim to take defensive measures not to get raped. Let me take some time to explain why that makes so many people angry.

>But it is easily preventable if the proper measures are taken, such as not drinking as much, enacting a buddy system, leaving if you begin to feel unsafe/uncomfortable etc... Once again, I am in no way condoning rape.

The easiest way to see where this goes askew is to compare men and women. Men are not expected to worry about any of this. They can get just as drunk as they want, and don't need to rely on systems to stay safe from rape. Meanwhile, women can't let their hair down, they are expected to employ defensive measures. Don't do A, B and C, make sure you X and Y.

What if you like getting very drunk, however? You certainly wouldn't be the first person to want that. Suppose you do that, and something bad happens to you. How is the world going to respond? By telling you you didn't behave properly. You could've expected something like that would happen. Why oh why didn't you listen to the all the advice to stop bad things from happening to you? You will be the subject of social derision.

And that's what it all comes down to, the threat of social derision, blaming, and ostracizing for being the victim of a crime. You keep saying that you don't condone rape, but that's not the point. Nobody condones rape. What people also don't condone, is women acting however they like. Puritanism is being pressured upon women under threat of taking away their social support should something bad happen to them. 

Don't get drunk. Don't wear a mini-skirt. Don't go looking for casual hookups. Don't stay out late at night. It's all 'helpful advice', but it really isn't. You think women don't know these things? They're bombarded with these messages. Every time it is mentioned again however, it reinforces the message that people think 'this is the way women ought to behave'. Cross that line, and you're on your own.

If we really get down to it, and excuse the hyperbole but I believe it is necessary for getting the point across, this 'helpful advice' is *enforcing puritanism under threat of not supporting someone in case of rape/violence*. That may not be what people want to do, often they offer their advice innocently, or with only their own perspective. But it is the net effect that is achieved. Because the social subtext is, if you're not a proper woman (whatever proper happens to be), you will face some blame for the bad things that happen to you.