The people on reddit who post "LOL FRIENDZONE" at this pictures are guys.  You need to talk to the guys about this.

You're probably not as 'ugly' as you think you are because you know what?  "attractiveness" is not a static thing and is not something based on purely a physical look and everyones preference of physical looks is different anyway.  DO NOT BUY INTO THE MYTH OF THE "X OUT OF 10 SCALE" that is BULLSHIT.

Example - people think Johnny Depp is amazing, gorgeous, blah blah 10 out of 10 - I don't see it AT ALL.   People think Jennifer Lawrence is amazing, gorgeous, blah blah 10 out of 10 - I don't see it AT ALL.
So physical looks are very open to interpretation.

Despite that, there are ways to make yourself appear more physically attractive - and that is, of course, good hygiene, good grooming (taking care of your face and hair etc and you know, getting rid of monobrows), dressing tidily and in clean presentable clothes that fit you, standing up straight, with your head level, looking people in the eye, smiling, interacting appropriately with others, being polite to others etc...  This is not about trying to up numbers on some mythical scale, this is about presenting people the image of someone who cares about themselves and presenting the best of themselves in the world, because they have respect for themselves and intend to respect others.

Those things get noticed and are considerably more attractive than the absence of them.

Personality is a HUGE huge thing. 

It doesn't matter if you look like.. I don't know..  Hottest guy on Earth right now, if you have the personality of wet cardboard, you aren't going to have good relationships - platonic, or romantic.

Nice guys are NOT the problem and are not the demons that some people make them out to be.  The problem is the users who take the 'nice guy' term and apply it to themselves, when they are not NICE guys, nice people AT ALL.  They are using it as a label to explain away any fault in them not getting what they wanted.  When there sense of entitlement is shook, they say "oh.. well I'm a nice guy so of course she didn't say yes to going out with me, even after I sent her 48 text messages!  She'd rather have an asshole who doesn't message her!"

You don't have to be mocked, or ugly.  You don't have to be used to it.  And it makes me sad that you think you should.  This is not about entitlement, or revenge.  This is about being the best version of yourself and having esteem for yourself.

There are things you can do to not be that way, things that are normal and natural and NOT about trying to manipulate anyone.  Firstly, you need to not buy into that PUA crap about 'attractive scale' and that people need to date 'within their attractive scale' - fuck that, you don't know what the person over there thinks is physically attractive anyway, and there are many more things that go into being attracted to someone than the distance between and the color of their eyes!

I'm not sure what the neckbeard thing is, but you could probably shave it.
