Thank you. The long story short is kind of. She was drunk when she messaged me and asked me all sorts of questions about this girl, including if I had *ever* kissed her, the answer to which was yes. Which I told her. I tried writing this a few ways, but it always seems confusing: I had kissed the girl I took to the dinner once, a year before I first met the girl I was interested in and was having this conversation with *edit*: and never since  (that said, I met the girl I invited working in politics and she loves Bill Clinton, so that's why I invited her (and the fact that I wasn't *in* a relationship, so I was less concerned about appearances, though now I wish I had been)). Anyway, that's when she signed off and I left a message saying we should talk when she was sober. 

The phone conversation was better and she said she felt bad about the fact that she had always put off defining where we stood and then got mad at me when she saw pictures of me and another woman. Anyway, she basically said that she wanted to be in a relationship, that she wasn't the type of girl who just wanted to "hook up," but wasn't willing to commit to a long distance one (I was willing to try it). We agreed that as long as both of us remained single, we would try to see each other though. 

That was early October. Around the end of November, she told me she thought something might be getting serious on her end and that she wanted to pursue that. The deal we made was that if that happened with either of us, we'd break off communications, which I did. There was no Facebook relationship or anything, so in January I sent her an actual letter with one poem she already knew and another I had recently written (I asked if I could send it on Facebook, she said yes). I got a thank you text and in February I asked her out for Valentines Day, which is when she told me she was still seeing someone and when pictures with her current boyfriend went up. I didn't speak to her until my grandfather died a few weeks ago and I didn't know who else to try to talk to. 