> Look, for the most part, the problems of men are understood to be the problems of everybody.

Its been my experience that instead of being the problem of everybody they are regulated to the problems of no one, as in no one cares.

> And the few problems men face that are legitimately due to prejudice against them, such as e.g. the lack of paternal leave or the draft, are again a direct result of the patriarchy and the only strong voices that have been speaking out against them for decades are those of feminists.

I can tell you a few problems that I think women legitimately face due to the prejudice against them as well.  An impartial observer may call it bias.  Im content to let women advocate for their own problems (which feminism is very effective at) and them letting me advocate for my own problems without each of us telling the other what their problems are and are not.  Im not convinced feminists have much interest in helping men; now brandishing us as scary rape monsters that cant be trusted around children that Ive seen.  Helping us get out from under our gender roles...not so much.

I love hearing about the patriarchy.  If youre going to discuss it, do you mind defining it so I know what youre specifically talking about?

> /u/searchingfortao already answered this above. Men don’t need to avoid pregnancy...because if anything ever reveals unconscious entitlement over others that has to be it.  (this was cut for brevity)

I feel like you spend alot of time here putting words in my mouth. Can you quote me as saying any of the things youve said I said?  Like where I said as a man I should get to tell women what to do with their bodies, or how I think its unfair that women have bodies and get to do things with them, or where I complained that as a man I dont have the power to force invasive medical procedures on unwilling women?

Now what I did say is, In terms of reproductive rights dont women have all the rights men have but then also the ultimate right to abort as well as safe haven?  How is having more rights than men oppression by men?

> As it turns out when you raise girls to believe that women are worthless a lot of them end up believing just that.

Do you have anything to back up the claim that we've been raising our daughters to feel they are worthless?  This isnt china, which is having its own problems with birth control and a choice to abort females fetuses.

> Yes, I am. It’s an academic term that is used to describe a well-documented phenomenon that ranges from the political question we discussed above to bathroom signage.  (this is concerning the default in language being a man and not genderless human being)

It would help if this were cited in some way as well.  You dont have to pull up a book ...but maybe some article or some kind of something?

> Yes, I do know that and fwiw I am vehemently against both. (concerning circumcision and the draft)

SO then you are aware that even for men, "our basic rights over our own fucking bodies are considered to be up for question."  Which is why I brought them up.  Women are not the only groups still fighting for the right to body integrity.

> Is it a major point of contention in Greece that there is a peninsula that exclude women due to religious beliefs? Is it a nice peninsula or is it just easier to let the kooks have their space?
No, it’s not a major point of contention. Such are the victories of the patriarchy. I wouldn’t have an opinion on whether it’s a nice place, given that I am not allowed there, but I am told it’s very pretty. That’s kind of my point.  (some of this was cut for brevity)

This is a big mess.  Religious kooks are sexist against men and women.  Men also have gender roles within the dogma of the church.  You cant go in on the peninsula I cant go to some monasteries. If its not a point of contention, Im going to leave it here.

> The basic answer here is intersectionality: there are many axes along which discrimination happens and (again, as /u/searchingfortao explained to you) sex is only one of them. Race, sexual orientation, class, physical and mental health are other big ones. There are few people who are born into the all the right boxes and vast majorities that are born into few or none.

So when the OP lumped all white males into needing to benefit from a certain point of view, was she/he ignoring intersectionality?  If they were, then what is the basis of your argument against my initial position.  If they were not, then can you explain why it is only now a point of contention?

> I think if you actually read some feminist theory instead of simply assuming that women are out to get everything their way you might find you agreed with it more than you might think.

This is condescending and dismissive.  You have no way of knowing what feminist works I have or have not read.  Just as I have no way of knowing if you view feminism as a philosophy or a religion.

> If, because of your lack of privilege on even one, let alone multiple, fronts, people like you had for centuries been treated as chattel, denied basic civil rights and generally viewed as mentally and physically inferior, you might agree that it very much is.

Well thats funny because people like me were enslaved for most of recorded history.  So again Ill tell you my thoughts instead of you telling me what they are.

> What you’re basically asking here is whether, since not all men find themselves at the top of the pyramid, it is fair to allow women a chance to make it there and *not keep them all herded at the bottom*. And I would say, yes, yes, it is.  (emphasis mine)
 
That is not what Im basically asking at all.  What Im asking is, is it fair to assume there is some paternal force pushing men up when so many men are at the bottom and society, as a whole, is fairly complacent about that?   Are women at the very bottom, or are men?  I feel you are starting to get really disingenious about putting word's in my mouth.  Do you agree with my position or do you think its ok to kick crying babies?  This is not the way to have a discussion.

> With regard to why men find themselves in those unfortunate situations in higher numbers, again, a huge part of the answer is because men are taught to eschew all things feminine and adopt risky behaviours that have exactly that kind of result. Basically the common culprit here is the disdain our society has for what it labels femininity: because women are undervalued traditionally, men are encouraged to distance themselves from behaviours that are viewed as feminine, ultimately arguably harming themselves. It is unsurprising that given this situation, women, who were consistently told that they were lesser, would rebel and claim equal rights first: it is easier to claim to be viewed as equal to something you’re told is better than you than to something you’ve been taught is worse. This is what people mean when they talk about the harmfulness of machismo.

You dont think males, of nearly every species, take more risks in an effort to further their reproductive success?  You dont think there might be a few scientific studies of male courtship behavior?  Wouldnt that be better than basically pulling up the quack science of "toxic masculinity"?  The best part of your belief is, men are killing themselves and thats their own fault for hating women, is that it completely absolves any responsibility.  If men just didnt hate women they wouldnt be on the bottom.  This is incredulous.

> Should men embrace more traditionally feminine behaviours?

Are women going to sexually select more effeminate men?  [Is it more common for men or women to marry up?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypergamy)

> Yeah, no they don’t. 

Are you claiming there are no federal programs specifically for women?

> Women fought and died and continue to fight to claim their rights. They were not handed to them by the benevolent powerful men who just fancied doing them a nice turn.

When men fought and died to create the modern western state, would you say it was a class struggle or a patriarchal struggle?  

> But – and this is essential – just because a black gay poor man does not have privilege along the race, sexual orientation or class axes, does not mean he doesn’t benefit from male privilege.

Does what he gains overshadow what he loses?

> To give a historical example, a black man in the US in the late 19th century would obviously have faced horrific oppression on the basis of his race. But he would still have had the right to vote, which would have been denied to a white woman because of her sex. 

This is historically questionable.  In the Jacksonian democracy suffrage was FOR THE FIRST TIME extended to non-landowners.  Youre literally talking about thousands of years of non-suffrage for non-landowning anyones (regardless of color) and then making a contention about a few decades difference.  He most likely would not have been able to vote (poll tax, literacy tax, etc) anyway. You graciously concede a white woman's lilfe may have been marginally more comfortable than a black mans but he still would not have any more political power than she does.  

I thought the essence of racism/sexism was needlessly grouping people by arbitrary secondary characteristics to obfuscate the issues when they could easily be solved by not doing so.

> It was a turn of phrase, not a bill for a new law. Nobody is forcing anybody to read anything – if they were I would totally be on their side, but as it is I think the fact that you are reacting this way to a metaphor really just kind makes you look rather silly.

How am I reacting?  By asking if you think its right to single a group out by their sex or gender?  Thats silly?  Tell me again how intersectionality teaches us the folly of grouping people by their sex or gender and assuming things about their experience to the extent that we feel we should have a say in it.