What this guy is experiencing, I think happened with me. I lost a wonderful relationship because of it. In fact, at the time I didn't really understand it myself. It wasn't about insecurity though. For me, things went well, I had great friends, and a good relationship. I felt lucky. Then it seemed to just change. I didn't understand it. I mean I was a great guy, why am I not doing better in life? I want to do great things, I want to provide, I want to lead a great life. But the reality was that after all my time being social and having fun, I was left with barely enough to pay my bills in the real world. And I truly felt the consequences of not having "better". In my case it was about money to do things. I had a great job in all things but pay. It seemed everyone around me did well. They were all happy. Then I noticed they didn't share it in like I did with them. It affected me, and not in a good way. 

For me, I had plans, I had traveled. I had seen the life I wanted to live, and experience the wonders of this world. I wanted to LIVE!, but I felt shackled by the reality of life. And it started to get to me. I didn't even realize how negative I was. People tried to tell me but I couldn't truly relate. I mean it was happening to me, not you. Things were just supposed to work out for me. So I will try a little harder, not go out as much. It spiraled, and I lost everything. People didn't even recognize me. It was like it was a competition and I lost. I knew I was a good guy but I felt like a loser for not being able to live up to my expectations. 

Looking back it was anxiety but it was also a reality check. It was a bit of a "comeuppance". And I realized that I was so used to things going well that I had lost most of my coping skills and just spiralled. I'm not sure of any advice to give. For me, I realized that I had all the pieces but the self-discipline to really achieve the things that I wanted. I got lazy with things always working out for me. I do know this. If I could go back, I believe I could fix it. Maybe it was meant to be this way. I mean I am so much stronger now, so developed. That girl I was involved with, I could have married her. She was special, and gave it her best to stay with me. It has been a long while now (15  years), but we talked about it a few years ago. She even apologized, I was floored. I explained it all, and I think it was a relief for her to hear what I had to say. She was amazing, but until I turned myself around, there was nothing she could have done for me. I pushed her away though and I got lost in myself. Your bf doesn't seem to be doing that. 

If I knew more, I might offer advice. He will have to come to terms with his current status. He will have to learn to cope and let go. He is going to have to grow up. Life is hard and it isn't fair. For me, volunteering helped. I wish I had done that more back then. It puts things into perspective. 

EDIT: WORD