I personally have been using the cup for about 8 years, and the only brand I have tried is DivaCup, which I have been very happy with. 

As far as sizing, there are only two. They recommend using size one unless you've had a child, so start there. The size difference is tiny.

I have heard that switching to menstrual cups have reduced cramping in some women. I have not had this experience, however, my cramps were never that terrible to begin with. 

The "suction" that is mentioned is less "suction" and more like creating a proper seal around the walls of your vagina to keep blood flowing inside the cup instead of around and down it. The tiny air holes on the side of the Divacup allow it to expand inside of you, but once it's open those holes are now very gently helping create a seal. 

The cup does not rest against your cervix and is worn slightly lower then a tampon. It's soft and flexible, so it's not painful at all. If you are experiencing pain, something is not normal. The stem on the DivaCup is supposed to help pull it out, and can be a little uncomfortable. DivaCup suggests cutting the stem respectively if it pokes you, which I do. I find it easier to pull it out from the base of the cup anyway, not the stem.

Learning how to put it in and out does take practice, and I suggest wearing liners the first time you go a cycle on your cup until you learn how to properly put it in and can recognize if it's not sitting inside of you correctly. It can be in and almost expanded, but if it's not and there is no seal, you will have leaks. That being said, it's really not hard once you have had some practice and have a system that works for you.

Just like a tampon, you do not have to empty it when you pee or poop. Although you cannot feel it normally, sometimes depending on how I'm sitting it can feel like I need to pee when I don't. 

Public restrooms are not that bad. The cup lasts a lot longer then a tampon or pad (up to 12 hours even on a heavy day) and on the rare occasion that you have to empty in a public restroom, your fingers will get a little messy but it's easily wiped mostly clean with TP. Then just wash your hands as normal. I have never had an issue in a public bathroom. 

All the pros and cons factored in, I love my cup HANDS DOWN. Not only is it easier on my wallet, it's environmentally friendly, saves a ton on packing space, making water activities easier, and i'm not wrapping up any old tampons to leave in garbage cans around the world. Make the switch!

