I'm so sorry for all you had to experience. I was with a man I thought I would marry for 3.5 years. When he had no place to go i begged my parents to let him move in with us. He slowly found more and more ways to control my behavior. At first everything was fine and I felt like he only got out of control when he was drinking. Eventually I noticed he started drinking much more than ever, to the point where I would have to use every bit of strength I had to try and move him toward the bed. Once I was finally old enough to go out drinking with him i thought things would get better because he would be less suspicious since I spent more time with him. The exact opposite happened. He started telling me how to dress, I was no longer allowed to wear makeup, and I certainly wasn't allowed to fix my hair in an appealing fashion. I tried my best to keep his controlling nature a secret, but then I started getting scared. He started being more careless and excessive with his drinking and showing me less respect as a human being with every passing day. One night we were at the bar together and a guy asked me about my sweatshirt (I was wearing my UC Irvine sweatshirt I had gotten from school) and when he noticed I had answered a simple question, he leaned into my ear and said "I don't want you talking to anyone." I was nervous and hoped he was somewhat joking so I giggled a bit and he grabbed my arm forcefully and said "I'm serious, I don't want you talking to ANYONE." Having effectively struck fear into me I agreed with his orders for us to leave even though it meant walking home in a bad neighborhood. All I could do was keep my head down and pray for the best as he yanked my arm forward several times during our walk home. We had been given some free beer glasses from the bartender and at some point while we were walking he ended up crushing one of the glasses in his hand. I feel like the one thing that saved me was he fact that I had to go over 400 miles away to go to college and eventually spent enough time away from him to realize I needed to get away as soon as possible. There are numerous other ways in which he asserted his "authority" over me and made me feel like I couldn't be myself for fear that I would anger him, and I had no idea how he would react. I'm one of the luck few who made it out of the situation without any physical scars, but the mental and emotional ones will never fade. I'm so proud you were able to escape such a frightening situation, and I hope anyone bend abused finds the courage and strength to get away from it. Love is not supposed to hurt, and no one deserves to be hurt by someone they love.