>Well if no one has children, humanity is not going to last very long. Yes it's your choice to have children, it's also peoples choice to live in a society, this means there will be people of all ages. 

Having children is something that a lot of people choose to do in their life. It doesn't really make someone worthy of special privileges. It is life-changing in itself, but it is hard work. People will have children because they think the work is worth having and raising a child, which can be quite rewarding. But they shouldn't really expect special treatment from the rest of the world. We didn't really have anything to do with it, and I definitely don't feel I owe anyone anything for it, besides my own two parents.

>If there are separate rooms available great, but if there isn't I'm not really sure what other alternative a woman has.

Babysitters, staying home, restrooms, a temporary trip back home, pumping the milk before leaving and using it in a bottle. But a separate room on location would be nice and seems like a logical thing to ask companies to provide. Sometimes when you ask, companies will listen. It's a lot more logical than trying to change the entire fabric of society!

>Some people are offended by women showing their legs

Yes, in certain cases it isn't acceptable. People will be offended if you show up to church or work in a mini skirt, for example. It isn't appropriate. There's a time and place for everything, they say. No one will care if someone wears a mini skirt to a club, or breastfeeds their child at home.

>People can be offended by anything, it's just not a very good argument.

I disagree. (But of course I would, since I'm the one who made the argument! haha) 

You are listing some things that aren't as socially taboo as baring a breast, so let us take it the other way and list some more offensive things than breastfeeding in public. Would you be alright with people having hardcore sex in a glass enclosure in the center of Macy's? I'd wager probably not, especially if there were kids around. But these people would be hurting no one else. It would be sanitary - glass enclosure and all. The thing is, most people wouldn't want to see that in public, whether they were prudes or not. Some may even go home and watch porn on their computers, but they know that sort of behavior is taboo and inappropriate in a social setting. 

Maybe in the future it won't be taboo to feed a child from your breast in the middle of a store, and people wouldn't be uncomfortable or offended from seeing it. And maybe people will adopt an attitude towards sex that makes it so no one cares if other people have sexual relations in public too. But if it happens, it is probably much farther into the future than our lifespans will allow us to see. In the here and now, our society as a whole doesn't appreciate either of those activities in public. 

There are places where there are no taboos when it comes to breastfeeding... but... when in Rome... you know the rest.