Yes, eating more than your body burns is how you gain weight, and eating less than you burn is how you lose weight. I just mean that it's important to consider that food is only half of the picture. The other half is how your body metabolizes the food and responds to exercise, which is largely out of your control. People have different genes and age, stress, hormones, medical conditions, etc. all factor in. 

It frustrates me when people assume things about someone's health or lifestyle choices on the basis of their body, when everyone's body handles food and exercise differently. I probably eat more like a slob than a lot of people who weigh much more than me, and I can get away with it because I'm naturally skinny. On the other end of the spectrum, I have a friend who gained a huge amount of weight as a side effect of medication. She used to be skinny and now she eats less than she used to and is still fat. 

As for people who got fat by overeating, that usually happens over many years. That means they aren't eating a huge amount of extra calories per meal, it's just the fact that they are adding up over time that causes the weight gain. Undoing that damage is quite difficult. So what I mean is that losing weight is not a matter of just stopping unhealthy habits, you actually have to eat less than what your body is burning, which can be quite difficult. In your case it sounds like it wasn't too difficult and you were able to see results, which is great. I just mean there are some exceptions. 


There's a double standard women face by being criticized for their appearance far more frequently than men, and on top of that, I think a lot of men don't understand how much more difficult it tends to be for women to lose weight/how easy it is to gain weight. Our bodies are designed differently. Men don't deal with changes in their hormone balance in the way that women do. So it just seems especially unfair for men to critique women on weight. Firstly it's not relevant and secondly it's not their place to judge. 