> If you aren't close enough to the bride that you KNOW you are invited to the wedding, you probably were not.

I think the situation here is that OP *is* close enough to the OP to know she should be invited...but hasn't received an *official* invite with response card. Now she's wondering what the heck is going on because she never pictured this being an issue.

> Plans change.

> As wedding days get closer, budgets become more real, and guest lists shrink.

She was sent a save-the-date, which essentially says "block this out on your calendar, and keep your eye on the mail for an invite". If you think you might need to cut down your guest list, you either should not send out save-the-dates (I didn't and just sent out invites - the world did not end), or you should have the good manners to call the now excluded person directly, explain the situation, and ask for their understanding. For example, next weekend I'm attending the wedding of my husband's close friend from high school, who we invited to ours but wasn't able to attend since she was 8 months pregnant. If she called and said, "I'm so sorry, but with the baby the budget is tight and we can't afford for both of you to come. I hope you understand that we've only invited Husband," I would be fine because I know weddings can be expensive, they have a young child who is expensive, and she was open with me about it. If, on the other hand, we received an invitation with only his name on it after we invited her and her partner to our wedding, I'd have a good WTF moment for sure.

> Asking the bride directly is just rude. There is no justification for it.

She could ask the bride's family, but not everyone has contact info for their close friends' parents, siblings, etc. There is absolutely a diplomatic way for the OP to address this directly with the bride. Invitations get lost in the mail quite frequently and honestly that's the most likely explanation for OP's situation.

> She isn't close enough to the bride for that, or she wouldn't need an invitation in the first place.

Even for the closest of friends and family, invitations are largely for details like time and address of the ceremony and so that you can get responses for guests' meal selections. It's considered good etiquette to send invitations to everyone, up to and including your siblings and parents.




