TW: sexual assault and rape. that second to last single sentence paragraph is when the triggering part ends.
I want to start by saying that this is definitely sexual assault.

I went through a similar experience with my last ex. I got back together with him soon after a different guy friend sexually assaulted me, I think out of desire for normalcy. I was in denial. My ex had been controlling before but then became abusive. And only physically abusive during sex. He did many very similar things to yours. He asked me to do progressively more degrading things and would make me feel like I was a cruel bitch for not doing them. It's this kind of manipulation that makes it so complicated in situations like this. He would grab my head and pull it in during oral, despite that I didn't like giving it like that and it always made me gag terribly. I had even pushed him off the first time he did it and said firmly "never ever do that again." 

He was also the same way with illness. I have IBS which means very painful episodes of abdominal cramps where I usually have to use the bathroom. And endometriosis. At first, he took care of me. Then, it was the same thing. He would just get mad that I was unavailable to do whatever it was he wanted, as if I want to feel like my abdomen is eating me..

I struggled with the same feelings as you. I pushed them down for years, I felt guilty for having flashbacks and panic attacks, like I have no right to be upset. Even the time he raped me, I blamed myself. I had a yeast infection and wasn't into sex in the first place since it was only about him. I was gritting my teeth through it since he usually spent hours guilting me when I said no. Finally though, the burning was so bad I couldn't take it, I was on the verge of tears and said we needed to stop. He replied that he was almost finished, pushed more of his body weight onto me and kept going. I think I literally couldn't even process that it was actually happening. I completely left my body and don't remember how long it took. Afterwards, I came back and felt like I'd been ripped in two. As I sat there with an ice pack crying, he berated me for "having an std from one of the drug dealers I fucked". And I cried the whole night feeling like I was worthless and it was my fault somehow. 

This is the end of the triggering part. 

OP, you were certainly assaulted. Coerced consent is not consent at all. My therapist thinks I have ptsd. That and plenty of other reactions are very common. It sounds trite, but a therapist could really help. If you have the financial means, do some shopping around. I never was comfortable with a therapist until I sought out one that focuses on women's issues and sexual trauma specifically. She's also a feminist, which means she knows the kind of shit sexual violence survivors get from society. It is REALLY important that you're comfortable with your therapist. 

It can get better. Mine is starting to since I've finally acknowledged it after years of trying to bury it. Don't try to bury it. 

It really sucks you had to go through this and it's sad how common it is. Seriously, feel free to pm me if you ever want to talk/vent :)

Edit: added a trigger warning