In schools where I'm from, you need a way to identify students that don't belong, so there's a damn good practical reason. Schools with uniforms make it easier to prevent stabbings and shootings and beatings that come from students who go to other schools, which is more or less analogous to the safety reasons they're required in chemical plants and mines where I'm from. They make it easier to prevent gang violence by eliminating ways to display colors. They provide a great equalizer in a country where there's a huge gap between the rich and the poor. They do in fact serve a purpose in public schools, at least in places when there are serious security concerns which anymore is every school in the US. Keep in mind that we don't have the same culture that they have in places like Scandinavia. Even with a dress code, we had kids in middle school wearing shirts with naked women and racist slang on them. It was offensive and disruptive to have them in class, and it was disruptive but necessary to remove them. A uniform would solve that problem.

As for stifling creativity, there are so many other outlets for creativity, from hairstyle to painting and diagrams and playing at recess and decorating notebooks and binders and singing and playing instruments and doing some of the creative reports we had to do that involved mock trials and play acting and dioramas. And then there's all the time that kids spend not in school where they can dress however they want and explore that outlet for creativity. It's not necessary to make schools less safe and to increase bullying and to open students up to incredibly sexist and racist propaganda to prevent stifling creativity. Uniforms are the best option we have to deal with all of those things, and we have many other options to allow creativity in school and they still have fashion to express themselves outside of school. I'm definitely not sold on the creative freedom angle, but I think it's a cultural thing and maybe where you're from there's less violence and blatant sexism and racism on preteen clothing.