People didn't slut shame as much at 16 like they did at 13. I think part of it is she's ahead of the curve and people are mean to those who are different. Maybe suggest she wait until she's doing it at the same time as the rest of her cohort? 

I don't want to slut shame either, but there is this awkward reality she is being slut shamed by her peers. There is no reply she can give to stop it. The only way she can really avoid it is to avoid the behaviours they deem slutty until she's emotionally mature enough to deal with the shit they sling.  It's awkward. When that happened to a friend of mine, people kept asking if she'd given so and so a blowjob and at 13 I had the good sense to tell them they were shitty for asking because it didn't matter whether or not she did, what mattered was they were all talking about it so my friend was crying in the nurses office. Some students shut up after that, but many didn't. Having seen what it does to somebody, I kinda feel like if I had a 13 year old girl I'd advise waiting to avoid the bullying, not because it's her fault but because it's a self preservation technique to avoid giving your enemies ammo if you don't have riot squad gear on. But it is awkward because saying that feels slut shamey : / 

That part is hard to deal with. You should go with what feels best for you! Maybe avoid that topic all together because the line between wanting to protect her and inadvertantly slut shaming her seems really thin there.

Alternatively, you could ask her to talk to over with her counsellor as well, and ask she talk to that person about the bullying and what she can do about it. It might be she needs to talk to a professional who knows the full range of her issues intimately about what sex would do for/to her emotional well being. 

I think talking about her reasons for wanting sex might be good. Even if he's not pressuring her, she might be thinking of previous pressure and that she has to if she wants to keep him, even if this boy has never said that.