As a parent, this is a difficult situation.  You want to teach your children what you think is right and wrong but that is all you can do…impart your knowledge, experience and expectations but THEN you have to let your child go and make their own choices.

The problem is what to do/how to act if they go against what you feel if right and correct.

What your parents have done is to create an atmosphere where they have forced you to lie to them about what is going on in your life.

My advice to you would be to ask your mother what kind of relationship she would like to have with you from this point forward.  Does she want a relationship where you feel safe to come to her and tell her what is going on in your life or does she want a relationship where you hide everything from her?  The ball is in her court...give her her options and make her decide.  You are no longer under her control, you are the one in control of the relationship...make that clear.

It does become a fine line though.  I have always been 100% truthful with my children (now 26, 22 and 19) about my feelings on sex and drugs and my experiences with both when I was their ages.

I did buy my sons condoms before they were sexually active just so they would have access without feeling “weird” about asking or having to go buy themselves.  I just bought them and left them in their rooms…no conversation, just in a bag along with their deodorant or whatever.

I always told them that while I DIDN'T think they were old enough, I wanted them to have protection and the knowledge needed to make the right decision for themselves.

It was the same thing with drinking or drugs, I didn't WANT them to smoke pot or get drunk BUT that I wasn't stupid and I know they would probably try it…IF they did I wanted them to call me and not try ti hide it and drive under the influence.  They wouldn't get IN TROUBLE, but that there would be some consequences.  Like the first time my oldest got drunk, I woke him up the next morning at 7 AM and made him mow the lawn with a hangover…oh well like I said…consequences!

Anyway back to the fine line.  Now my kids are like I said 26, 22 and 19 and they tell me everything and sometimes I think…wow do I REALLY want to know that???

Oh well, at least we talk.
