Except there are medical reasons for weight gain. Some conditions come with extremely low metabolism, so that a diet that might keep a metabolically normal person at a healthy weight or even underweight causes weight gain in people with that condition. There are other conditions, like PCOS and insulin resistance, both of which can be caused or exacerbated by weight gain but can also occur independent of obesity, where treatment requires insulin sensitization or increasing insulin levels. Most insulin sensitizers, like glitazones, that are not Metformin, cause weight gain because insulin signaling tells your body to store fat, and generally, increasing insulin signaling increases fat stores. Many antidepressants and mood stabilizers also cause weight gain, and there are medically indicated reasons to take those and times when weight gain is preferable to, say, manic episodes followed by suicidal depression. 

Birth control causes increased appetite in many women, but not directly weight gain, so realize that when I say a medication causes weight gain, I'm not generally talking about medication making you hungry and eating more causing weight gain. I'm talking about actual weight gain because of changes in metabolism.

I'm not saying this to contradict you. I think it just makes your point even more valid. Why are we so much more sympathetic to people who basically caused their own cancer than to people who very well might be doing the best thing for their health, even if it means gaining weight or being unable to be thin? Especially when as you said, we have all kinds of PSAs about not smoking and government funded programs to help smokers quit, yet we don't do much about preventing obesity (which is so much easier than losing weight) other than to say "Eat right and exercise." There was a high school aged girl who came here a while ago asking about what exactly it means to eat healthy and how she could live a healthier lifestyle, because she had no clue. We should be teaching these things from a young age, not in a shaming or even weight-specific way, but just so kids grow up knowing how to eat right rather than just hearing that they should eat right without having a clue what that means or how to do it. 

It's no wonder we have an obesity health crisis, when instead of teaching healthy eating from a young age, we're letting people become obese out of ignorance and then shaming them for not knowing better. I'd also bet that the income disparity in weight has a lot to do with undiagnosed thyroid disorders and other hormonal problems that could be treated pretty effectively. In any case, I can't see shaming people because we essentially backed them into a corner where they didn't know any better, and to mercilessly ridicule them for the result is unacceptable.