This is kind of... sad. I'm not sure if I agree with this. 

Let's get this straight, I am a fat girl. I've gotten my share of mean, degrading insults and judging looks. But I have also had my share of boyfriends (some of them ridiculously attractive), hand holding, wooing, and kissing. I'm not saying that we don't have it quite a bit harder than thin girls in the dating department, because, let's face it, thin *is* an upheld beauty standard in our society. And it sucks, and perpetuating it by only having thin girls in the media sucks even worse. We need more representation, and by that I mean positive representation and not being the end of a cruel joke. This is fucking important. It is also important to call out people who fat-shame. But at the same time, I think we have to respect people's personal preferences. 

If someone vouches for fat-acceptance, is okay with fat models on public billboards and fashion magazines, but who personally just doesn't think fat people are attractive, can we really judge them for it? Some people aren't attracted to blonde people. Some people aren't attracted to people who are very fit. Some people aren't attracted to short people. And while I personally think it's kind of stupid to let such superficialities get in the way of love, who am I to judge? 

It's a personal matter who you want to date. If you are fat in our society, it probably limits your dating pool. But so does being heaviliy tattooed or pierced, or having short hair as a girl, or being very short as a guy. It's kind of dumb, really. But it's life. 

And would you even want to date a person who doesn't want you because you have the wrong body type? 

I'm not saying I don't like the sketch, I just think it has a very negative outlook on things, which I don't personally share. Especially the line that went like "but that [hand holding with a guy] is all I want". I don't know, that just seems kind of depressing to me. I think we (as fat girls) should be wanting many more things. And getting them, for that matter. 

EDIT: Okay, let me rephrase: The negative outlook on things is perfectly justified, I think. I just don't like how much it was focused on the personal, dating sphere, (micro problematics) when I think we should instead examine the macro problematics like media representation and fat-shaming. But of course, the clip still has every reason to exist. I just think another angle would have made for a more interesting message. 