I am one of those people that confuses you. I agree that women in the Middle East are oppressed *by Western standards*, but it is ethnocentric to view Middle Eastern culture by the standards of your own culture. The biggest issue is that women who were born and raised in the Middle East are indoctrinated into those beliefs and that the rest of the world needs to be understanding of that to some degree. I always think of it like this: if I traveled abroad to another country with a completely different culture surrounding gender norms and was told that all women were required to go around topless, I would feel incredibly uncomfortable exposing my boobs the whole time I was on vacation. That's, of course, because I've been conditioned by the society I was raised in to believe that that is inappropriate and that some things just aren't for everyone to see. Really, really think about it: like how would you feel if you were with a bunch of male friends that you had platonic relationships with and you had to go around the whole time with your boobs out. Or if photos somehow ended up on Facebook or something, everyone would see them and know what your private parts look like and you would feel humiliated.  
  
I'm not saying that anyone should be slut-shamed into covering themselves up, I am just saying that what we consider to be areas that are okay for everyone to see is entirely based on the cultural norms that we were raised to accept. For women who have been taught their entire lives that their faces are private parts of their bodies, it's pretty scary to be told that you have to expose your private parts to total strangers. This subject is such a double-edged sword, but for the dignity and the psychological sake of women who have basically been brainwashed into believing that their faces are akin to other sensitive areas of their body in terms of what is appropriate to have out in public, the Western world really needs to try to view the subject with a little bit of cultural relativism. 