Don't feel bad about what happened to you or your unhealthy coping mechanisms in the past. What happened to you was outside your control, and lord knows everyone has a bad coping mechanism somewhere. Mine is coffee, luckily, so I just end up really wired when I'm stressed. Do start working toward being healthy now. Just because you've done it in the past doesn't mean it has to be your future, and you don't have to punish yourself for making mistakes.

You start with your mental health. You can take all the steps in the world to be physically healthy, and it won't make a dent if you're under this much psychological stress. You said in a comment that you're an alcoholic because you're self-medicating your PTSD, and your liver enzymes are high. You need inpatient psychiatric care and rehab **now.** You cannot wait on this. If you irreversibly damage your liver, you dramatically reduce your options as far as real medication to treat the PTSD and high blood pressure and any other problems you have or develop. 

Your self-medicating is also only making this worse. Alcohol is a depressant so it helps you sleep and relax, but when it's overused or abused, your body corrects for it and it makes everything so much worse when you aren't drunk that you need more. Your problem is bigger than alcohol and you need more than AA, something more intensive. It could be inpatient rehab or an inpatient stay at a psychiatric hospital, but you need to be in somewhere. It won't be pleasant or fun and you'll be detoxing and facing PTSD, but you're strong and you can do it and when you get done you'll be better than you are now mentally and physically. 

The physical issues are things you can work on with proper guidance. A dietitian will help you learn what a truly healthy diet looks like, and there are cooking classes you can take different places so you can learn how to cook things that aren't fries and corn dogs. Cooking is a hard skill to master but it's very satisfying when you make a really good meal. Exercise is excellent for your mental health and your physical health. There are classes you can join and activities you can do that aren't straight up running and it releases endorphins that calm you and it helps people sleep better. Finding something you enjoy will help you keep with it and feel good about it.