The world is filled with assholes. They will judge you for many things and many reasons, most of which boil down to " put him down so I can prop myself higher". They **will** judge you. take this as a fact of life, a certainty you just have to accept, like needing to shit or having to drink water. Heck, sometimes the stuff they say to you is even true. Again, take not being perfect and having insult-able features as a fact of life that everyone obeys. 

So? 

The world has so much to offer. In your future you will meet so many amazing people, as long as you try. They won't be many but that doesn't matter. Them being nice in a sea of assholes will only make them shine brighter. All it takes is admitting defeat before even putting yourself out there and then going put anyways. Letting yourself either fail as expected or be surprised by success. Because nothing good will ever just fall in your lap. You have to work for ot, be a bit lucky and keep trying. But by avoiding social contact you will never have social contact. You lose every chance you don't take. 

So you're judged for being a virgin? Everybody gets shit for different reasons. You're virgin, he's short, she's fat, he has a big nose, she has a flat chest, he's awkward, she has a squeaky voice. Once you start empathizing with others around you you realize we all go through the same treatment. Even those elusive happy kids are putting up a front. I have met so many successful hot looking happy people who were depressed as shit. Never envy anyone. You have no idea what their life actually is like. I would never exchange my life for anybody else's because I know how much stuff can look perfect and be rotten on the inside.

You are not special. This is not a diss but a comfort. Your experiences are average. You are not a loser. To be a loser you'd have to stand out somehow but you are not. You share a great deal of experiences and feelings with countless men and women. You are not as lame, ugly, stupid, fat as you think you are. But this averageness this only means you are in the perfect place to go anywhere you want to. You, as a young person, have massive riches you aren't even aware of. Opportunity. So much possibility. This is a luxury that is lost with age. Virginity? Who the fuck cares about that when you have an entire world to explore. Make friends and become a person other people like, and other things shall follow. 

Few people label you as a loser because they care about you in any way, positive or negative. We are all self centered people playing a monologue in the lonely spotlight of our consciousness. We are too busy worrying about ourselves to concern ourselves with others. Once you realize that you realize how little people's remarks mean. They are all too busy with their own mental shit to evaluate you. It's all knee jerk reactions. You labeled as a failure? Who the fuck has time to actually look at you? Nobody. They just grab at some obvious fact like virginity and run with it. Their insults have no weight and no penetrability. 

Now you may ignore all above as a platitude, so let me just share with you my fool proof virginity busting tool - lie. Say you had sex once or twice with an ex. Boom! You are now officially not a virgin but a person with limited experience. Does it feel any different? No? Neither would having sex once or twice. Trust me, nobody can tell the difference. Having sex a couple of times doesn't actually teach you anything you already didn't know. To actually become proficient it takes years. Take this idea, believe it and act like it is true. It will make interactions so much easier even though it makes no sense.

