I applaud you for wanting (and being able) to do a small intimate wedding. My wedding was an average size and there is nothing I would change about it BUT I can see there being a total relief is only having 50people or less. 

The first place to start is really your guest list. Get it as small as you can. The hard part comes when you want to cut people...if your parents and fiance's parents are helping pay for it, then they deserve a say too. Otherwise, you make the list and that's that. 

In general, do anything and everything you can YOURSELF. As soon as you say the words "wedding" or "bride" the price is jacked up. i.e. flowers, hair and makeup, etc. If youre not a big fan of flowers - DONT DO THEM! You can have your bridesmaids walk up with one single rose each if you want and if you have centerpieces, they dont have to be flowers. Get on Pinterest (I discovered it after I got married - huge bummer). Sometimes even if you dont love their ideas, you create your own ideas off of them.

For catering whether it's a venue that provides food or not - carving stations and buffet will always send you a few bucks.

Your dress - make sure it is what you want, but trust me when I tell you if you buy the "rack" dress aka the one that a few brides have tried on it will be cheaper. Typically you try the sample rack dress then they order your size and you still need to alter so if the sample one is close to your size and isnt ripped or stained, go with it. Plus you have it sooner to admire longer :)

Things that may be hard to save on...
DJ -unless you know someone that does it, which again, still may be hard to ask someone who could potentially be a guest also DJ. I suggest going on a referral basis for DJs/bands
Photographer - we tried to keep our costs down for our wedding as we were very young. This is one area I wish we spent more. $5000 seems way too much, but $1500-3000 seems what it ranges in depending on what the package includes. We have lovely photos, but I wish we had more of them. Again if you know someone...you could here too, but this is the area I wish I didnt mind price for.