Not at all! I am happy to talk to people about my culture.

A bit of my background just so you understand where I came from: I have lived in America predominately, but I did live in Iran from 3-5. My first year of schooling was in Iran. I went back when I was 12 years old, and I have returned back to Shiraz at the age of 24. My dad lives here in Iran, and my mother in California. I grew up in a somewhat strict Iranian-culture NON MUSLIM centered home (like sleepovers were a no-go when I was a kid,) but I grew up an American for sure. But enough of me!

**Culture Shock:** I mean, it's hard to explain. The biggest culture shock was being thrusted into an area whose language I BARELY understood, and couldn't read nor write. The other stuff, it's really just annoying. Like:

"Ooh, I'm going to wear this super cute outfit to dinner!...but no one is going to see it because I have to wear my stupid jacket and scarf over it." or "DAMNIT, I want a beer like crazy, but can't get what I want because alcohol is illegal." Or the worst "JESUS CHRIST, I'm PMSing like crazy and all I want is crispy bacon AND PORK IS ILLEGAL. Aaaaahhh"

Those are hard to deal with. 

Do I feel safe? I do-ish. I feel safe in the daytime, out in city, or with my male relatives or friends. However, in smaller villages I do feel like I get leered at sometimes, and although I personally have never experienced it, I have heard stories of women getting groped in the busy bazaar. But we've heard of women getting groped on subways, so that's just douchy person behavior. However, overall, it's just about experiencing another country and culture. I've been here a little over two months and have loved it. Of course there were times I get frustrated, but I've experienced a place that few hardly get to. It's beautiful and amazing, and the people really are great. 

Does that help? I hope it does. There are TONS of non-Iranian tourists here, and it makes me really happy when I see it. It's not as horrible as mainstream news make it out to be. Please let me know if you have anymore questions!!!!