This happened with my father (also an evangelical, which I see you mentioned downthread). He lost his job because he would not stop wearing headphones listening to religious music and underlining Bible passages at work instead of working. My mom couldn't support the whole family alone on a teacher's salary and cleaned houses and mowed lawns on weekends to try to make ends meet. (My father did nothing, because he needed time to go to church and read his Bible. When he did find employment, he would promptly quit because he discovered there was a gay person in the office or because his supervisor was a woman, and God said that men should not be submissive to women, etc.) We were on food stamps and he was giving money away to tent revival preachers who told him he was destined to be a prophet. When my mother tried to get him to stop, to get a job, to realize that they had two growing kids who were wearing kind neighbors' hand-me-downs because they couldn't afford shoes, he would shut down all argument by saying "God told him" to do what he was doing. And as my mom said, "How can you argue with God?"

I don't have any constructive advice, really, but I wish your friend the best. My parents' marriage ended in divorce after my father gave away increasing amounts of money against my mother's wishes, failed to offer any support during the illness and death of her father because he needed his alone time with Jesus, and became verbally and physically abusive because he was not being treated as the "head of the household" as the Bible said he deserved. Our lives improved as soon as he was gone, and he is now in his fifties and alone, still going from job to job, still not a prophet.

I know this outcome is more extreme than what your friend's going through right now, but one of the most damaging and trouble-prolonging things that happened to my mother is that all the religious folks in our red state were telling her that divorce is terrible for the children and that you shouldn't give up on your marriage and that she had a responsibility as his wife to support him, and minimizing his behavior because he was doing GOOD things by devoting himself to the church and giving money to the church. So I would just validate your friend's choices and help insulate her against any of that sort of thing that comes up. It sounds like she does have a good support system around her.