I've had two - no throwaway needed because I'm not afraid of hatemail. 

Neither was particularly traumatic. I'll share the story of my most recent one.

My husband and I had just gotten married when I found out I was pregnant - it had been a stressful time at work, and I hadn't really noticed that my period (yes, I had a period) was lighter and shorter than normal, so I didn't know for seven weeks. When I found out, there was a brief interlude, for a few days, of "maybe we can do this." My husband got excited, we told close friends and family, etc. 

But then we got into looking at how much it costs. Childcare where we lived was on the order of $1200 a month - not so much that it made more sense for me to not work but not so little that my paycheck would pay for anything but. I realized we wouldn't be saving any money - wouldn't be paying down our significant debt. Yes, people far worse off than us have babies all the time, and that's great, but we talked about it and realized it just wasn't the right time. There were a lot of tears, but we were resolute.

Because we were idiots who told people about it, we lied and said the docs couldn't find a heartbeat. People seemed to accept that. I had a medical abortion (my previous one had been surgical but I liked the idea of doing it at home this time). Hubby came with me to the appointments (stupid 72 hours waiting period in my state). I looked at the ultrasound but I didn't listen to it. I honestly felt nothing. 

I took the first pill at the office and then we went to have lunch - burgers and milkshakes. My best friend came up from out of town to help out. The next day, I took my painkillers first as recommended, then the "good stuff" about 20 minutes later. We played board games - the Terry Pratchett one - until I realized it was heating pad time. I sat on the couch with the heating pad and watched musicals. 

The amount of blood was pretty surprising. I wasn't aware it would be that much. Overnight pads helped but I was changing one every half hour for a while. 

And then it was done. I'd have a two-month old now if we'd gone through with it, and our lives would be so much different (we just moved  cross-country for a job opportunity that we never would have done if I'd been 9 months pregnant) if we'd had the baby. 

I am completely unconflicted about it. Not many people know it was a termination rather than a miscarriage, so I haven't caught much flack for it, but I don't think I'd mind if I did. I don't feel ashamed, or sad, or hurt. I just feel relieved and unburdened. 