I have done some really terrible things while black out drunk. I have said things I don't mean, and have done some actions that I'm not proud of. 

It is terrifying to think of yourself doing these things you cannot remember doing, especially if you have never blacked out before. I'm sure he is sorry, I'm sure he is in some sort of denial about it because he can't remember it and just like you and everyone else was so surprised it happened, he must be so confused over the situation. 

That being said, while I don't remember the bad things I've done, and sober me would never do them, and I don't mean the bad things I've said...I still did the action, I still said the words, I still created the pain. The fault lies with me. The cause might be alcohol, or someone saying something to set me off; but I am still the one doing it even if it's "not me" at the time. 

Unless you agreed to beforehand, it is NOT your job to watch how much he drinks or cut him off, especially if you have never had to before. As for right and wrong int he situation, you have every right to never speak to this man again. He not only put you in physical harm by actually hitting you, he put both of you in danger by messing with you and your seatbelt while you were driving. 

He might be incredibly sorry and it very well could be a one time thing that never happens again...but that doesn't mean you have to stay. If you aren't comfortable staying in the relationship, don't. Even if the situation never happens again, I know I personally would not be able to stop replaying it in my head. Just like with cheating, the person may feel remorse and never do it again and remain faithful after that but the damage is done and the pain and memory of it are there. Actions have consequences, but I do also have to say that if you feel confident in that this was a one time thing that will never happen again and want to continue the relationship that is also your choice. I would do so cautiously and make it clear that you will tolerate this as a one time drunken mistake only...because people do make mistakes. 

Either way, do not let him or anyone else make light of the situation. He physically abused you, threatened both of your safety and even brought up rape. He should be apologetic and know he did something horribly wrong that may not be able to be forgiven, and even if it is forgiven might not ever be forgotten. 