It can definitely be done because I did it. Two or so years ago, all I wanted to do was be on reddit, Facebook, YouTube, or watching whatever I had recorded on my DVR. I wasted every single day basically doing this. I was lazy and overweight. I wasn't really all that messy that I can remember, but I wasn't at all productive.

Then I had a goal. A friend/coworker of mine who is in her late 50s (as well as her 80 year old mother) were still completing triathlons. Triathlons! I thought, that's something I'd like to accomplish! So, I started riding my bike. At first, just a few miles, maybe 20 minutes worth, and I was proud of myself. I wanted to see how much further I could do, how much more I could push myself. Triathlon was still in the back of my mind but it wasn't necessarily my driving force. 

I LOVED biking (hint: find something you enjoy and love). As soon as I got off work I was rushing home to change my clothes and get on my bike. It was almost meditative for me to be on the bike. I started to need it. It gave me time to think and reflect and to just BE.  

Soon, I was going on 1-1.5 hour long bike rides. Add in time for rests, cool down, etc. I was spending 2 hours after work worth of biking. I'd get home and cool down and before I knew it, it was 8pm and I needed to shower, eat, and soon go to bed. I didn't even have time or energy to be lazy!

This past year, I trained for and completed not just one but TWO triathlons (sprint distance)! I scheduled my time and went to the pool and for a run and even though I had to cut back on biking, it was worth it. Crossing that finish line (of whatever it is your goal may be!) is ALWAYS worth it. Otherwise, your life becomes a mundane task and you'll soon realize you're the same person you were years ago.... That just wasn't enough for me. 

Hope this helped a little bit. I've gone back to being a little lazier now, but I know that I am fully capable of accomplishing big things and changing my life by starting small. I hope you find the strength and courage to do the same!