>Now I see that my feelings weren't my own fault but they were caused by the world.

*Everyone's* thoughts and feelings are caused by the world - the media, friends, siblings, associates, teachers, etc. We don't get thoughts and feelings in a vacuum. Now that you realize that, you must re-evaluate all your values, starting with the big ones, like religion and politics.

>I was taught that I should sit down in my box and keep my mouth shut.

Universal. Everyone is taught this from the 1st grade on. There is nothing necessarily wrong with this, though.


Everything you wrote is weird to me, but I guess it is because you are so young. I'm a feminist, but in an opposite way. I think women shouldn't "get" but that they should "step up to the plate." For example, I think it is good that women are now more in the front lines in war, and I think they should die horrible grizzly, painful,  lonely, death, just like men do. Why shouldn't they? That is something women have a duty to do. I think a shit-ton more women (50%) should quit whining and ask men out and pay. The bullshit line is that whoever asks, pays. That is bullshit because women shirk their duty to ask men out. I think 50% of women should ask men to get married. I think 50% of women should be the primary breadwinners with stay-at-home dads who, if there is a divorce, the woman moves out and pays child support and alimony and sees the kid once or twice per week. Currently, most women who make good money will only date and marry men who make the same or more. This must stop. Women need to take STEM and graduate into it and not say how difficult it is. Look to Madam Curie as a role-model on how to do it, and she did it over 100 years ago with much more entrenched sexism. And she won TWO Nobel Prizes. TWO. She, I admire to the ends of the earth.

My sister, jesus fucking christ, has done exactly what she wants in life and gives not two fucking fucks about what other's think. She doesn't think about what others think. I admire my sister. She does what most women, and men, never do.

I've been a feminist for a long time, but not really in a formal way. More in a realistic way.
