We are saying that their Female genital cutting is barbaric, because it is, and in fact, ours isn't.  Come on, this *has* to be said.  It is done under the care of physicians here who endorse and defend it as necessary.  Someone needs to have the guts to say that.  The only reason why is still in practice is because doctors believe it to be necessary.  There is **no other group** fighting for it to stay, other than jews, so you might as well take your discourse and try to convince doctors and jews, not us.

I have always been against male circumcision, and so were all my friends.  My friend did not circumcise her son.  Years later, when it got infected, he, as a preteen, learning about differences between men and women felt too embarrassed to tell her that something was going on there and it got worse.  When he finally told her and she took him to the doctor, the doctor was short of calling the police on her for negligence and *demanded* (yes, this is the word) to know why he hadn't been circumcised as an infant.  He, plain and simply put, called her an irresponsible mother for not doing so.

It is not ok to compare both practices because here, highly trained professionals still believe it should be done for health purposes, while in those countries, it is done without anesthetics and without hygiene, solely for cultural and religious purposes.

My first point being that the practices are NOT the same, my second point is that raising awareness to one problem does not negate the existence of other problems. 

---------------------------------------

EDIT:  And my third point is that the discussion at hand is not whether or not the practice is right or wrong.  I'm pretty sure the vast majority here believes it to be wrong in both sexes.  In case of male circumcision, though, the case is that, unless doctors change their views and educate the population that they have been wrong all this time, it is highly unlikely that parents will stop doing it because they trust the doctors.  The same goes for vaccinations.  I am suspicious of them, but if 90% of the doctors I talk to tell me they are beneficial and harmless, I don't feel that I have enough knowledge to go against that and bet the health of my child on something I read on the internet - that vaccinations are bad.  

But I digress from my third point, it being that the issue at hand here is about PUAs raising "awareness" about the issue with "fun".  In reality, it is clear to see they are mocking women, that's 1, there's nothing "fun" about the issue, that's 2, and there was no *education* or *discussion* on the topic in the video, that's 3.  Only a bunch of guys preying and mocking women as usual.

