Finding a therapist is like finding a best friend- the first one you meet you aren't automatically going to click with. You need to find someone you trust, who you can open up to, who respects you, and who you respect enough to take advice from. Just don't settle. I know the search of finding a psych, finding a therapist, finding meds, *and* dealing with the endless exhaustion and hopelessness of depression is sometimes a herculean task, but ultimately you have to see it like having cancer- it's fucking awful and it's depriving you of a decent quality of life and oftentimes threatens your life itself, but you have to find a way to do everything in your power to fight it, which includes a frustrating search for health care professionals that will be effective in your treatment. Mental health is health and you have to fight for yourself just as much as you would any other medical condition. 

I have an endless list of health shit to go along with the depression and all the physical symptoms it causes on it's own, and I also have endless stories of shit doctors I've encountered along the way. I've also got a string of shit psychiatrists I've dumped too. Doctors are humans- if they are generally shitty, unsympathetic, or disrespectful people, an MD behind their name isn't going to change that. So yes, the two therapists you encountered are shit, but that's just two in an entire field made up of all different types of people. Replace the word therapist with the word "teacher" or "professor" in the last sentence of your fourth paragraph. Now you'll have a better understanding that two bad apples don't discount an entire profession. 

And as far as the meds, don't settle with those either. It takes work- either sticking with one to see if it helps, or being willing to try out a few until you find one that makes you feel alive. Don't look for the meds to make you happy- happiness is not the opposite of depression. I got this out of a book, but I'd have to agree that the opposite of depression is vitality. Depression may be impeding your ability to find happiness when you are in a state of emotionless, agonizing hell, but don't look to being happy as a gauge for whether your depression treatment is working. Happiness itself is something you have to find mentally. Like I said, anti-depressants aren't happy pills. They can't make you like yourself more, they can't make you less negative, they can't ease trauma, they can't improve relationships... what they can do is get your mind in a state of functioning where you are able to work on those things and bring about the changes for yourself. 

It's like running a race with a 100lb weight on your shoulder- ideally, when effective, the anti-depressant should lift that weight that's making it nearly impossible for you to take each step, and then once that weight is lifted, it's still your own job to finish the race and run as fast as you can unburdened by the weight of depression.