Hey there, it doesn't sound like a pooch, but like you have gas or bloating or something. Like, can you grab fat where you feel it is? If it's just skin, then it's your distended abdomen. Does it also feel mildly painful or uncomfortable? Like physically uncomfortable?

I have a similar thing happen. I'm 5'9", so a similar height, and around 133 now. When I'm not pooched out for whatever reason I'm pretty much flat stomached. I do sit at a desk for work, but overall my posture is decent. I don't really slouch. Sometimes it happens over the course of a day, but I have it today and it's been this way since like 3 a.m. when I briefly woke up during the night.

I've been 148 for powerlifting reasons and at that weight I did have some fat I could grab. At 133 that's gone but there's still the weird distention that happens. My lowest weight was 115, so underweight, and I still had the same pooch thing then.

I find it actually seem to correspond to my period. I start getting like this 1-2 weeks before my period, and then I'm flat again when my period starts and for 2 weeks ish after (a wonderful time). 

I'm mildly lactose intolerant and honestly could probably do a better job not eating things that don't jive well with my digestive system. It might be worth a look to see if leaving out certain food helps. I put myself through an elimination diet, but the type where you cut out *all* potentially problematic food and then reintroduce them eventually one by one. It was hard to get enough calories and all I really came up with is dairy and legumes also seemed kind of iffy. (At the time I was in some nasty pain due to gas though and that went away, so that was cool.) I don't know if I'd necessarily recommend it, particularly because the getting enough calories issue, but if you get really desperate, it is a thing that you could do.

I would go with keeping a food diary and seeing if anything looks like it corresponds. If you can't figure it out, and particularly if it's also painful, it can't hurt to consult with a doctor. 