There's lots of answers here, depending on what type of couple you are and what his beliefs are.

So for one, why is this that big of an issue for him when he doesn't go to church and (I'm assuming, since you said you may never get married) doesn't care about "no sex before marriage?" Why is this a dealbreaker when he picks and chooses from his faith? It's tricky to frame that in a non-judgemental way, and without offending his faith, but it needs to be asked. Why is this the thing he cares about when everything else is fine?

Also, Biblically marrying a non-Christian is permissible. Offhand I know 1 Corinthians 7:12-15ish talks about how a non-believer is made pure by their believing husband or wife. In other words, no one's getting corrupted, but the atheist or non-Christian is considered sanctified. His talk of Satan "tempting" him makes me wonder if he's just losing his own faith, and seeing you be a happy non-Christian is making those doubts about religion grow. Perhaps by pushing you away, he's trying to push away doubt about his faith. It's worth bringing up in a safe space to ask if he either needs more of a religious/church community, or needs support transitioning away from faith. A Unitarian church might be a good answer for the former, since it's open to many different beliefs (even atheism) and would allow for his open style of faith. On the other hand, if he's having doubts and decides to stop believing (or can't believe anymore), then he could need support transitioning away from his faith. That can be a scary time, and some people fall into depression or even get suicidal when they lose their religion. If that's what's happening, he'd need extra support from you (and maybe even Reddit's atheism or ex-Christian boards). Either way, he needs to sort out his beliefs.

Like everyone else said, there are plenty of couples who make it work when spouses have different beliefs. It already sounds like you support him, but him learning not to resent your different opinions may be something to work on in your couple's therapy. Again, a religious community might be a good idea for him, since it might be that as a solitary practitioner, he's just missing that sense of having others with shared beliefs. Currently he's mad that he's not getting it at home, but perhaps having a few people he could talk to about religion would make him feel better. Maybe that just means finding a Christian friend he can have coffee with once a week. Whatever works for him. Having some sort of outlet for his feelings may make him feel less pressured to have a Christian spouse.

But at the end of the day, if he was going to put imaginary beings above his very real girlfriend, there's not a lot you can do there. I'm sorry you have to be in this position, and I hope things work out.