I was browsing this sub just trying to learn but as someone who had been super religious and is now and atheist and who has observed this type of religious conflict in relationships, I just wanted to let you know that trying to fake it won't work. It will make you resent him. 

Basically this is him changing the terms of your relationship because of his beliefs. So for you to stay together, he is going to have to change his beliefs. Not all of them, but the bit about you being basically Satan's seductive minion. I'm not sure therapy would be much use but it couldn't hurt. To stay together for the long term is going to require a lot of mutual compromise on how religion is handled with children. While dogmatic beliefs can have many real benefits, usually the believer feels justified in making what would be otherwise unreasonable demands because they are in a more committed relationship with Jesus than you, and unless they accept that you are more important than making Jesus happy, they will feel justified in setting conditions on child rearing, your personal beliefs, and church attendance that you as a non-believer would never try to enforce on him for anything else. You have to compromise too in allowing him to do his thing, but it sounds like you already have done that. But he sees the truth that if he chooses you over Jesus, then his beliefs aren't matching with reality. So rather than accept reality he has to force you to change or get you out of his life because the fact you can be happy and fulfilled without religion is threatening to his beliefs. Sure you can let him have his beliefs, but you have every right to stand up for your own as well. If he can't or won't accept that, then either he needs to change or you need to get out. I've seen too many friends try to fake it, and it just doesn't work in the long term. And it would be better to figure this out now before you've faked it for a few years, have kids to deal with, and then just end up resenting him for making you fake change. 