The fact that you're anxious about doing a good job is an incredibly positive sign. There's no hard and fast manual for being a father-- but there are many ways to be a good father. I think most people would agree that the most important part of being a father (to a little girl or boy) is to be present. Obviously, there are going to be times where you have to go to work or where you're otherwise away, and that's fine... But always make time for your daughter, a little time every day no matter how busy you are.

I always gotten on very well with my father. He's a firey, passionate man and his fathering style reflected that: always encouraging me to reach higher, strive for more. He likes to stir up controversy-- like I do-- and he often says things like "my girls are smart like their mum and nice like their dad." He's also a cranky old bastard but I love him to death.

He's a doctor (as is my mother) so he was often working very long hours; still, he would read me a story before bed almost every night, except for when he had to work late. When I got a little older and I could read by myself, we would still have storytime. He read chapters from Harry Potter to me and we would have discussions about the chapter when he was finished. I really cherished that time, because it was the best combination of spending time together and showing interest in the things I liked. Maybe your daughter will love to read, or maybe she'll love music or painting or soccer or any number of things... But try to do that with her at least three times a week, or twice a week and Sundays. Sometimes it won't be possible, of course, but it's important to try. 

Similarly: nurture what she likes and what she's good at. Introduce her to the things you love, but embrace the things that she loves when she's old enough to know what those are. If she likes princesses, let her play with princesses... But make sure she knows about Lego and computer games and catching bugs and chalk drawings. The world will try very hard to tell your little girl that she belongs in a tiny pink box. It's your job to encourage her to look at the whole wide world. There's no reason that a princess can't skateboard or jump in mud puddles.

Another thing which is relevant from birth and forever after: tell your daughter, and her mother, and your friends and family-- "I'm so lucky to have a daughter." I have one sister, and my dad *still* always says that he's so lucky to have girls. Not because girls are better, but because that's a message that boys often hear but girls hear less often. (If you have a son later, then it's totally okay to say "I'm so lucky to have a daughter *and* a son!" Let the world know that you love your daughter for so many reasons, and because she is a girl, not despite it.)

Be affectionate and open with your love. Tell your daughter that you love her often, even when she grows up and rolls her eyes. People don't forget. Remind her that she's great and that, if she works hard and does her best, that the world belongs to her... And that any man who believes women can't do things isn't worth listening to.

Love her with your whole heart and give her your time and your dedication and you'll be a great father. Congratulations. Your little girl is very lucky. :)