(((hugs)))

Get into a good college, preferably a state university with in-state tuition.  

I had a wonderful grandmother I could move in with.  Most people don't have that.  I lived with her a few years before I was able to move away to college.  

Make female friends.  The one thing I wish I had been able to do is join a sorority.  I didn't have any good girlfriends.  My mother really soured me on women in general.  I really should have joined a sorority just to have that family of women who welcomed me and helped me with the things I didn't know.  The friends I did have --- were more interested in going out drinking and clubbing and having sex with male strippers and getting fake ids and had no interest in the future.   Some sorority girls can be that way, but most aren't. 

I love using tampons!  My mother always told me that only sluts use tampons.  No, women who don't want to ruin their clothing wear tampons.  Change them every single time you go pee.  Every. Single. Time.

COunseling.  Counseling really helps.  In college, you get something like 10 free sessions each term.  Use them.  IF you aren't in school, check out your local college with a psychology dept.  The students do counseling on a sliding scale starting at around 5/hr.  

It helps.  I ended up with wrecked self-esteem, which meant I fell in love with a man who treated me very slightly better than my parents in the beginning and worse in the end.   counseling would have helped me avoid that mistake.  

I did lots of counseling after I got divorced.  And I am now married to the most amazingly incredible man in the whole wide world!!   Or should I say, the most amazingly incredible man for me.  He wouldn't be right for most people, but he's perfect for me.

(((hugs)))

And there's the standard drill ----

Hit the gym - get those endorphins flowing!!  

LEarn something new - take up guitar, learn to kayak, travel to a foreign country!

volunteer - make the world a better place!

These are ways to keep growing and learning and making a difference in the world around you.  It never stops!  I'm 50 and I'm still doing all of these daily!


