Well my periods weren't so bad in my early teens... later teens, however I started getting my 'quirks' ... like I couldn't drink cold liquid the day before or for the duration... pop was the absolute worst! If accidentally consumed pop the day before then I'd be puking my guts out once the blood started flowing.  I can only eat toast and jam or crackers during my period.

In college, the stress made it worse... I was given prescription pain meds and then, when I moved home, my family doctor put me on birth control.  Yes, they helped make my flow 'lighter' and more predictable and less painful... unless I did something stupid like drink cold water and eat a large bowl of spaghetti.  I hated being on birth control though... one brand made me get a yeast infection every month, another one made me depressed/suicidal (only on that one for 1 month) and the last one shot my libido and I had a hard time getting wet and/or I'd dry up real fast during sex.  When I broke up with my long time boyfriend, I stopped taking birth control and now I am adjusting to how my cycle acts now... I spot for 2 days before it actually starts and then it's much like my teen years in which the first 24 hours are the worst and I can still only eat toast and jam or crackers and drink warm water.

I never wear my 'cute panties' when I'm on my period... I don't want to ruin a nice pair so I always wear plain black cotton panties.

I mostly wear pads, tampons come out if I need to do something active like take a dance class.

My mom is a very traditional Chinese woman... she doesn't like me taking painkillers so I drink some kind of traditional Chinese medicine concoction that works for the pain but I have to make sure I remember to make and consume it before my period or it doesn't help.  There's also a special tea that I can take during to help sooth... but well,  sometimes I'm at work and I just don't have the means to make myself a potion in the middle of work.

If I'm at home, I usually drink warm water and curl up with a hot water bottle and either watch tv or sleep... I don't like to take painkillers.  Again, the first 24 hours is the worst and in that delicate time, any slight physical exertion (like walking) can make me dry heave.

Caffeine in a big no-no during my period... one time in grade 12, I deigned to eat a chocolate bar the morning of my period and I managed to stay for the lesson part of my class before asking to go to the nurse's office... I thought she could give me some painkillers but she wasn't allowed to.  I stayed in the bed the rest of the period (heh) and briefly dragged myself back to the classroom to pick up my backpack and spent the rest of the day in that nurse's bed before taking the bus home.

One time, I was sent home from work and I took a taxi, I was trying my absolute best not to puke in the taxi and once I got home, I ran to the bathroom in shoes and all then puked in my toilet... I spent the rest of the day curled around a hot water bottle in bed.