Sorry to hear what you're going through.  You need to be sure that you're using the Clobetasol on a consistent basis to quell inflammation.  They usually suggest a pea sized amount twice a day for about 3 months until all symptoms have subsided, then tapering down to 1-3 times a week for maintenance.  Make sure you're not just using the steroid when you're not feeling great.  Also, I'd apply a little after sex, since friction can lead to flare ups.  It's possible your doctor told you all of this, but you never know-- I've heard some horror stories.  Try to abstain from intercourse until all the symptoms and patches have cleared.  I know, that's shitty, but you can always do other fun stuff in the meantime :-)

This isn't as uncommon as you think-- it just so happens that a lot of unfortunate women go undiagnosed for years and years until they look like the photos you mentioned in your post.  I am glad they got it early for you, as this means you can treat it effectively!

I've heard people suggest coconut oil for sex.  If you're not using birth control, maybe encourage your boyfriend to pull out if semen irritates you more.

I do think that this condition can take a toll on your sex drive.  If you've been having sex that's even slightly irritating, it can really change your attitude toward intimacy.  If you have been fantasizing a ton about other men and just aren't interested in your man, that could be another issue altogether, but having any form of sexual dysfunction is bound to change one's relationship to sex.  Maybe you guys need to play around and find sensations that *only* bring pleasure for you.  I know the feeling of wanting to please your partner and just personal desire to engage in intercourse can make it hard to abstain, but it will likely be better for your mental health and attitude towards sex in the end.  You might want to look into dilators as well once the symptoms are more under control.

Before I'm done, I want to suggest this group if you haven't seen it already: https://groups.yahoo.com/neo/groups/LichenSclerosis/info
There are many women there with the same condition, and a TON of information about symptom treatment as well as answers about how to make sex more comfortable.  There is also information about treating the damaged skin with topical estrogen cream, and that might be something to look into.

Good luck with everything!

