I'm sorry you're getting downvoted to shit here.  I think most of this sub is younger women (under 25 crowd for the most part) and it's not something a lot of people have dealt with.

I'll be 32 in a few weeks.  I've worked in male-dominated fields most of my career and it's hard.  It sucks, especially when you're seen as the "young" one or viewed like a little sister instead of a colleague or serious manager, if you're in that kind of position.  I was, for years, and I hated it at first.

So this is my advice.  Force it.  Make yourself look older, consider how you talk and act - do you act/speak more like the colleagues who are a decade or so younger than you?  Or do you speak and act more like a seasoned professional?  Pay attention to this for a few days.  Don't beat yourself up if you find that maybe you act a little younger - being young is an attitude! - but see if maybe you're portraying a persona that shows you're younger.  

Also, as far as advancement opportunities go, seek them out.  Don't expect anybody to hand you anything, ever, because they probably won't.  Ever.  You have to claw and fight your way up, if you want to go up.  ASK for projects.  Go out of your way to do more than is expected or needed, ask for more, do more.  Prove it.  

I have no college education whatsoever and I've done this - I'm now a well-respected member of a very high-profile team in my company.  I have no background in this, but I'm the most senior member of my team.  I'm also the youngest, but nobody would guess it.  

And as far as wardrobe goes, yeah, you can look at that.  However, I think *context* is important here, because everyone dresses the same way where I work, age doesn't play into it.  We *all* wear jeans, casual shirts, and casual shoes.  Half the time somebody (or two somebodies) are wearing hoodies.  Several of us wear sneakers.  Dress code *does not* always indicate age, but if you're in a place where it *does*, consider that.  But I don't think you have to do this by default.  

Lastly... [read this book](http://www.amazon.com/21-Indispensable-Qualities-Leader-ebook/dp/B000SEITAG/).  It's very short, simple, and incredibly helpful.  Even if you don't want to be a manager or lead a team, it gives you fantastic takeaways to use in your professional life.  