I have not been in your sitatution, but there are lots of women over on /r/BabyBumps who have. There's everyone from young first time mums over there (I have seen posts from some 19 year olds) to older women, one of whom I saw say that she had her first 19 years ago and was pregnant again in her late 30s. Lots of different perspectives to help out, and lots of people who can offer advice on labour, body changes, hormones, etc. Several ladies who are no longer with their baby's dad, people who are going through school at the same time... lots of diversity.

I say this on the "assumption" you will have the baby; clearly disregard if you change your mind!

I am six months pregnant, but it's my first and I'm 30 so a lot of the stress is mitigated. I can tell you that up until the end of the first trimester (12, 13, 14 week area), you probably will feel a bit shitty. You probably know that. I never threw up, but I felt sickly from about 4 - 7pm most evenings (not in the morning). After that, I started to feel much better, and until I got significantly bigger around the middle at about week 22 or 23, I could easily "forget" was pregnant, physically. Some women suffer sickness all the way through unfortunately, but they are in the minority.

I was insanely fatigued in the first trimester. I would describe every second or third day as feeling like I had flown from LA to London overnight and drunk wine the whole way. Jet lag plus a hangover. Sleep, good food that you can manage and HYDRATION in the form of water worked well for me.

Symptoms come and go early on. Don't freak out if you feel 100% normal one day - it doesn't mean something had has happened. Embrace those days! I'd work out, clean the house or do something that I couldn't on my "I just flew in from California and I'm drunk" days.

My body has only changed in that my breasts and tummy are bigger. If it weren't for the bump, I'd be wearing all my usual clothes (i.e. I have not "gained weight" on other parts of my body). Keeping up a sensible exercise regime and eating well were responsible for that, as well as being fit beforehand. You are young, so if you go through with this, your body should bounce back very, very well. Hell, I'm doing fine so far with 11 years of age on you :D

You will not be in the shape of your life at 9 months or immediately after birth. However, as with anything revolving around bodily fitness and shape, a lot of the bounce-back is manageable. You may have stretch marks (I've got none yet, but I have three months to go and they're the BIG months); you may not. You will find that the older you get, the more men and women around you have these and people care about them far less. My ex boyfriend had a bunch from losing a lot of weight as a 19 year old, even :) I must admit that my body confidence has actually gone up since I got pregnant. It's hard to explain, but it's true and I was a real gym rat beforehand.

I am very sorry that you are in a stressful situation. I can't recommend /r/BabyBumps enough. They are very VERY supportive and diverse, and since 2X became default, I have been reading a lot more there than here - they're like my new 2X without the "we hate women" trolls. Pretty much everyone's experiences and opinions are treated with respect - check them out. I comment over there often, but on a different account (one I'm receiving abuse on right now from commenting on 2X threads, hence me logging into an old account, but you might see me around :) )

edit - perhaps just cross post this over there! You'll get lots of replies fairly quickly.

Good luck to you xo