The day after my birthday I was listening to music in my room with my new headphones. In the quiet between two songs I heard a man's voice, looked up and (without my glasses) saw the silhouette of a person staring in my window. The man then turned to someone out of view, shouted "Oh shit!" and took off around our yard. I ran, locked my bedroom door, grabbed my gun, and sat there panicking. But, I hadn't really reacted, had I? I hadn't shouted in alarm, I hadn't been sure I'd heard anything with my music. I had just woken up and had still been lying in bed. I didn't have my glasses on, I might not have seen anything at all. Right? So, I put everything away, went upstairs, and told my family what I thought I had seen. We went out, searched around the house, found no signs of anyone, and called it quits (after a brief lecture on how I should just scream my head off next time something like that happens).

Two hours later we went out for breakfast. When we came home we found that someone had tried prying the window in our backdoor apart. The frame was in pieces. 

The next day I decided I was being silly and called the sheriff's office to file a police report. About ten minutes later an officer came by, took some pictures of the scene, and talked to me about what had happened. While of course they never caught anyone, we got a case number, alerted the police to crime in the area, and got a ton of helpful tips on securing our home and property. The officer also gave us a pretty solid theory on what had happened and some information on crime in the area and what may have been causing a spike in activity. The only even mildly uncomfortable question he had was "Why didn't you call us when it happened?" And I answered him honestly that I thought I had imagined it and that was that. He was incredibly understanding and kind and I still have his card on my fridge in case there's ever another break in attempt. 

Yes, nothing happened, but this is still exactly the kind of thing the police need to know about, and yes, you can get valuable information out of just talking to the police. 

For me at least, it offered a lot of peace of mind having made that outside connection about the break in. I hope you can be comfortable in your apartment again soon. It's an awful feeling. :(