Wow, two weeks! That is really recent!  I would guess he probably does not yet have this perspective.  Two weeks after my mom died, I didn't really have *any* perspective on anything; I was still in a haze.  As far as your boyfriend goes, I will be honest: I don't think it's going to be pretty, no matter what.  I would be prepared to listen, and let him take the lead in terms of how much he may or may not want to talk about things.

When I was in grieving severely, I was often acutely aware at how others viewed me.  Especially immediately after the loss, everyone wanted to be my savior.  Two of my aunts got into a fight in the waiting room about who could comfort me, less than half an hour after my mom passed.  At school, people I rarely spoke to suddenly wanted to hear all about my feelings.  It felt like everyone wanted some kind of performance from me, and to feel like they were instrumental in "helping".  I understand now they were just trying to be kind, but at the time it just felt like everyone needed me to be something for them.

Because of that experience, this is the advice I give the newly-bereaved, every time:
Take care of yourself.  Lay down between the hours of midnight and 6; even if you can't sleep, it will help to rest.  Eat every eight hours, if you are hungry or not.  Shower every other day.  None of it feels worth it now, but even the hardest things are harder when your basic needs aren't being met.  But also, take care of yourself emotionally: Do what you need to do.  Be alone if you want to be alone.  Talk if you want to talk.  Cry if you want to cry.  Don't worry about anyone else's reaction to your grief, just let yourself feel it and express it, however seems right to you.  One day, you will realize you have gone a whole day without having your grief interrupt your life.  Slowly, those days will become more frequent, until eventually, you will look around, and realize things are normal.  Not normal like they were before, but a new normal. 

And that is what I try to facilitate, when I am caring for the newly-bereaved.  Cook regular, healthy meals.  Clean your surroundings.  Keep music playing (avoid silence).  Keep them engaged in tasks, where possible.  Open the curtains and let in the sunlight.  Create activity they can engage in with you if they wish, but do not actively expect things of them.  Keep a rhythm to life, to help them find their new normal.