Ugh tell me about it. I just spoke with him for about an hour making extra sure to be careful about my tone and how I worded things. It went really well for me, but I can see that he is angry/upset/whatever. He brought up some things from our past in response to what I was concerned with (e.g. I was doing all the house work and he responded with well *I* was doing all the housework before- making it seem like because he did it before I should "make up" for it or whatever) and I interrupted to reiterate my point with "I get that you are angry and hurt and resentful, but when I said that you can bring up anything with me at any time except when I'm talking about something, I mean that the thing you bring up still has to be relevant in topic AND time." Meaning that yes it was still on-topic but it was bringing up something from the past that wasn't relevant right now.

I know interrupting wasn't the best move and he was understandably visibly pissed (I say visibly because he didn't say anything about it), but I knew it would spiral out of control so I felt I needed to stop it. However, I didn't say that last part, I only apologized because it was a dick move for me interrupt him and one of the things I brought up with him was that I don't want no excuses when I tell him he hurt me, it would be messed up if I tried to "qualify" my interruption after just asking him to stop invalidating me with his stupid qualifiers lol. Not in those words of course.

I think I see now that the upset/angry/mad vibe I get from him when I bring something up isn't because I am bringing something up (before I thought he was lashing out at me just for speaking up) but really he is lashing out because I've hurt him in the past. Although it's not really relevant why he is lashing out, just that it's unwelcome when I'm talking about something, it's refreshing/reassuring to know that he's not some evil monster trying to keep me silenced. He feels that he is the victim. So we have a lot more work to do and THANK YOU for your words of wisdom, they have helped immensely.

And I have to say that after that conversation, I'm happier for it. I feel bad that he's mad/angry/upset about the past, but I made it clear that I understood how he was feeling but it's his own responsibility to bring it up with me and to deal with it on his own time (not that he has to do it by himself, just that he doesn't get to bring it up when I'm already talking about something!). I said that there were things I'm still upset about but it's not relevant in time so it needs to be brought up as a separate issue to help him understand that I wasn't ignoring him or putting it down.

edit: also I asked him if he wanted to do it when we were done but he ignored me :3 I couldn't help it solving problems between us is hawt and we hardly do it any more because I'm so angsty or he is so busy