As long as he's more into you than he's into God, you should be fine. Unfortunately bringing Satan into the relationship debate, indicates that that may not be the case.

> I've never felt lost or empty or alone, and have never had a desire to be saved, found, or any of that. I cannot fake it, either. 

You could have those feelings, and realize that you live in a material world, and a world filled with physical beings that you can interact with, and that can help you out. Religion can fill certain needs, but religion is not the only way.

If you don't believe, don't push yourself to believe. Only be as open to religious claims, as you would be to any other claims and ideas. Give them a fair treatment. Same as you would evolution, string theory, and homeopathy. For some of them the evidence is immensely strong. For some, the evidence is lacking, maybe outside of our ability to investigate and discover for the time being. For some claims the entire proposition is insane, and would require for us to be wrong about pretty much everything, for it to be true.

> Does anyone have any advice? Has anyone been through anything similar? Should I try to become a believer by surrounding myself with it, and just see what happens? Help.

No, you should not. You should feel free to experience and explore what you want, and you should be open to change your mind about things as you obtain more information. But if he needs for you to convert for him to be with you, you're not that important to him. You're at best becoming a part of what he really cares about.

If he cares about you, and you care about him, different beliefs (that are within a certain threshold of each other), shouldn't be a deal breaker. We are all different in some ways, if we're not open to differences, we're not open to anyone other than ourselves. It's the overall that matters. If you can have fun together, if you can talk, if you can be there for each other, if you can accept being apart and having separate interests as well, and if you both can deal with the changes that you will both go through as time progresses, then you can have a happy life together.