Seriously stuff your worries in a sack and forget about it.  Don't forget to follow up and take care of yourself - but you are way more concerned than you need to be, which isn't surprising, given your doctors lack of communication.

Just after I turned 18 my pap came up positive for high risk HPV - cancer causing type.  I went back in for a colposcopy / biopsy.  I then went in for a pap every 3 months after that to check on the progress (this was the FDA recommended treatment plan at the time).  Boy, did that suck.  At my next annual pap, it showed I had essentially gone into remission, so I didn't have to come by for another year.  At that next annual pap, it had sort of started to come back, so they did another colposcopy, and more 3 month follow up appointments.  Next annual, remission again.  That when I was...20?  I think?  I'm about to turn 25 now, and have only had annual paps since, and they've all been a-okay.

Since my experience, the FDA has changed their guidelines to say you only need an annual pap once diagnosed because most cases go away on their own (especially in young women) and thus women were being put through a LOT of unnecessary stress and appointments and procedures over something that generally resolves itself - which is why I think your doctor told you just to come back in a year.

Seriously, don't worry about it too much.  Mine has been gone for almost five years now and it's likely it will never return, but I will continue to always get my annual paps to ensure that is the case.  The problem with cancer causing HPV comes when (specifically older, from my understanding) women do not get annual paps and do not catch it if it chooses to spread.  Once it spreads, it is much much much harder to resolve.

When I did the colposcopy, they basically sprayed my insides with vinegar, which turned all the pre-cancerous cells white, then they used this long metal rod thing to cut all those cells out of me...thus it didn't spread.  After they did this twice, it hasn't since come back.

If you want any more assurance, have any more questions, etc. please feel free to PM me.  Most of my friends went through this very same thing as we were the pre-gardasil generation right when HPV was becoming very wide spread and we're all 100% fine.  My aunt died of cervical cancer so I was especially concerned, but now I seriously don't even think about it at all.