Don't raise your daughter to be a girl; raise her to be a person.  Get rid of Barbies and other toys that are sexualized or can only be used in social play (tea parties, etc.).  As she gets older invest in goal-oriented games, especially ones that require teamwork.  There's a great movement right now in the publishing industry to move away from gender-specific books and characters.  Here's an article if you're interested:  http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/comment/genderspecific-books-demean-all-our-children-so-the-independent-on-sunday-will-no-longer-review-anything-marketed-to-exclude-either-sex-9194694.html    

No Cosmo Girl or other vapid magazines--she'll get enough of that at the mall and from her friends.  Make sure she knows that every body is different.  When she gets starstruck by traditionally girly past times push her to take her creativity to a new place.  An example would be if she was gaga over fashion you could get her an Arduino Lilypad kit and have her sew mini LEDs into some of her favorite clothes, then work together to program them to flicker when she runs or talks.  Its actually really easy to do and will get her involved in coding.  Also, get her involved in sports.  Think along the lines of soccer or track, not gymnastics or ice skating where there's a lot of focus on weight and body type.

I know your instinct is to shield and protect her, but start early with putting her in positions where she makes decisions so she knows how to make choices and take charge of situations.  Talk with her about what she decides and bad or good decisions other people have made.

And finally, call out other men when they do the things that make women feel like pieces of meat, like some of the things you've read about here.  Make sure she sees you interact with women too, so that you set the standard of how they should be treated.  That DOES NOT mean opening doors and falling all over yourself to make them comfortable or accommodate them.  It means treating other women like you'd want her to be treated by any guy she'd come in contact with.  

One last thing: make sure she has friends who are guys.  When you look at some of the stuff that makes up the experience of being female its easy for some women to conclude that guys are the enemy.  If she has male friends she'll be able to communicate better with guys and have an easier time standing up for herself.  

 