I think Disney Princesses are slowly moving towards something that isn't all love-at-first-sight-princess-with-no-worries. And there have been a few examples in the past where that's not the case too.

Brave might center around girl-must-find-man-to-marry but then throws that to the wind and then some. Frozen shows sisters sticking up for each other no matter what happens and the men are a bit of an afterthought - Anna may have found a man but Elsa is also core to the story and we don't even know what Anna will do at the end with a relationship. The Princess and the Frog bothered me a little since Tiana could be more independent, but she is focused on her dream that doesn't involve getting married to The Perfect Prince. Tangled was a nice twist in that Rapunzel is not a totally helpless, vapid princess. Then there's Mulan, who is all about helping her family instead of just focusing on finding a nice boy to get married to and leaving her father to help the country.

Pixar movies in general also don't focus on girl-meets-guy and they are refreshing to watch while still managing to move me to tears. Like The Incredibles shows a family working together - a family that would probably fall apart easily if now-Mrs. Elastigirl wasn't around to hold them together ;)

If you look at other animated films in general there's some good stuff in there too - Fiona in Shrek is pretty awesome and breaks a lot of stereotypes. Anastasia is pretty self-sufficient. 

Anyway back to the main concern - there's nothing wrong with having a fairy tale dream. Even the most stereotypical story you have from a Disney movie involving "happily ever after" (and tell me about this, the buttons at Disney World I got while on my honeymoon say this...) is going to involve fighting and compromise and problems but there's no room to tell that story anywhere and that doesn't get audiences in to watch the movie anyway. But overall the story could still be "happily ever after". I'm super feminist and hate the pretty-pink-princess stuff but I still _want_ to live happily ever after because it's something everyone tends to strive towards (happiness just tends to not be based on the hot husband and little kids in a castle kind of story).

If you _want_ to change your dream, you could get started reading, maybe. Everything from dystopian _A Handmaid's Tale_ to one of my more recent favorite books involving a fairly strong female protagonist _The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms_. Books do a much better job delving into stuff like that than movies do, I think.