This is a good point. I feel like the original message of TwoX was lost - it was a place for women... *all* women... to gather on reddit. Feminist concerns can certainly be a part of conversations between women, but damn don't downvote a woman because she took her husband's name.

Personally, I also stopped coming here regularly because I feel like every single top post is about rape, abuse, or being offended by something. I feel like I jerk for saying that I'm tired of it, but truthfully I don't have much to add to those conversations. No, I've never experience rape or abuse, nor has anyone close to me. No, I don't freak out when someone catcalls me while jogging. That's me. I understand if it upsets *you* or makes *you* uncomfortable, but when I say it doesn't bother me (so that other women on the thread who might agree with me know that they're not alone and to just to share another perspective), I get downvoted. And surely these issues aren't the only interesting things about the lives of women on reddit?

For example, I've thought about making a post celebrating the fact that I hired 15 female engineers and creative developers into my internship program this summer and encourage others to pursue their interests even if they are traditionally male-dominated professions. How cool is that? But I feel like such a post nowadays would be full of "the reason women don't want to work in high-tech is because it's like a frat house", and downvoting anyone who disagrees and says their workplace is actually very welcoming and comfortable. Victimized circlejerk bullshit. So I just keep it to myself. And I guess I'm not alone, which is why the front page is full of women with issues that they can't keep to themselves and really need to seek support for. But it's not really a great representation of the women of reddit.

I only seem to be drawn here on IFF, when people actually seem interested in showing off their womanhood, sharing something interesting about their lives, and making for a cool, supportive, and interesting community that celebrated all kinds of different choices and paths in life. A microcosm of what I feel like TwoX used to be. 

This was a long rant, thanks for listening. 