simple: speak up when you observe sexist, objectifying behavior among your male friends.

it isn't easy to do.  you will inevitably harm some relationships.  some others will be strengthened if your friends have the insight to respect your stance.

since you asked for specific examples, here are some from my own experience.  i've tried to include some color about the consequences so you know what one might expect:

* confront sexist speech.  how gently or boldly is up to you.  example: interjected in a conversation where a bunch of guys were critiquing a mutual female friend's appearance (specifically, that they thought she was a butterface).  this is, by the way, a high-achieving friend training to be a physician.  i said something to the effect of "c'mon guys, that isn't cool. she's a great person, is going to be successful and most would be lucky to date her."  that was met with mumbled "yeah, i guess so"s and the conversation drifted elsewhere.
* refuse to participate in sexist activities.  i have a very strict policy against strip clubs and my stance on that is crystal clear to my friends.  if they go as part of some social activity (e.g. bachelor party), i will wait elsewhere or skip the overall social event.  i doubt it has influenced any of my friends, but it's important that they know that someone objects.  it almost came to a showdown once with a friend who tried to physically force me into one.

men with progressive views about gender equality need to serve as a visible standard to those who don't.  it's probably easy for men who don't hold these beliefs to dismiss those who do as buzzkills or "white knights" or whatever.  but i'm hopeful that my position can at least cause some of my male peers to question their stances.

edit:  the [comment below mine](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/26m1lb/notallmen_how_not_to_derail_discussions_of_womens/chsf2ob) (at least at this moment) is very good and catalogs a lot of the behavior i'm talking about.