>She feels like the Western Medical system is not set up to make people healthy, but to make people feel like there are things wrong with them.

This is not an uncommon opinion. Some people feel this way legitimately because they have had bad luck and been treated poorly by doctors, for others it's more of a lifestyle choice and goes hand in hand with a broader anti-allopathic medicine/pro-naturopathic medicine worldview.

OP, you are the one best able to articulate which of these it is. Where you present when she saw her doctor about the abnormal pap smear? If so, do you think the doctor approached it appropriately and gently, or did (s)he act in a way that was at all judgmental?

If you have any reason to believe the doctor was problematic, you need to assure her that other doctors won't be the same. Ask around and find another gynecologist who will be more mature, and go with her to the appointment. Planned Parenthood has a good reputation for being non-judgy, so they might be a good place to try.

If it's the second one, and she is generally the type to eschew modern medicine in favor of herbal treatments, etc, I can't really help you. You could try taking her to a naturopathic doctor- any ND worth their salt knows when it's time to defer to an MD and this is one of those times. Also, remind her that this is preventative medicine- doing a simple procedure now to prevent a much larger problem down the road.

Also, I just wanted to say you seem like a really good boyfriend to be so worried and involved. Try not to worry too much *yet*- typically it's pretty normal for an ASC to wait a year and test again. In young people these minor abnormalities come and go- in a 20-something they are much less significant than they are in a 30 or 40 something. That is assuming you are correct that it's just an abnormality and not a carcinoma in situ.

That said, if you feel like you need to go the road of putting the fear of God in her, I just did paperwork yesterday for lab work on a 30 year old woman on hospice care for terminal cervical cancer. It's real, and it's very difficult to treat once it progresses to cancer.