There are only a few FDA approved diet pills right now, and none of them are really recommended for people who aren't morbidly obese. Some, like Orlistat/Alli, cause some seriously unpleasant side effects (diarrhea mainly with those, which are the same drug), some, like phentermine, can cause addiction and carry some cardiovascular risks, and the other one on the market right now is new and it's called Qsymia. It has loads of god-awful potential effects, like confusion, cardiovascular side effects, and so on. One more might be approved next month, called Contrave. Same problems as the others, especially on the cardiovascular front, but it also carries a risk of suicidal ideation IIRC.

The only one of those she could possibly get without a prescription is Alli, which prevents her body from absorbing fat. Ask anyone who has had their gallbladder removed and they'll tell you just how explosive your shits can get when you eat too much fat and can't digest it.

Anything else she could possibly get is not FDA approved and certainly not EMA approved. They could be diuretics, which will cause you to lose water weight but not real weight, or caffeine, which is an excellent appetite suppressant. 

If she's just looking to lose 8 kg, she probably doesn't actually need to lose that much weight to get the appearance she wants and she definitely doesn't need the help of medications. She'll actually get much better long-term results by using diet and exercise alone. She does need to make it a lifestyle change, so if you want to be supportive, maybe suggest things like going on a weekly hike date or couples bike ride, which would become a lifestyle change, and reevaluating both of your diets to come up with something healthier and less calorie-dense. Replace most processed carbs with fruits and veggies, for example, and most red meat with fish or chicken. These sorts of changes are the most likely to "stick" and, while the difference will be slower going, it will cause weight loss and inches loss. She should also consider doing weight bearing exercises, both because it builds muscle which helps make sure she's losing fat and not muscle and because it prevents osteoporosis and has health benefits outside of weight loss.