I would like to briefly point out a few things that people often overlook in this discussion. The first is that women in comics aren't sexualized by men, they are sexualized by everybody. Even the female artists (Fiona Staples from the Saga series is one of my favorites) in the industry draw females in sexualized poses and give them small frames with large busts. From my perspective as an artist it is sometimes less about sexism and more about the stylization that is an inherent part of comics. Comics heroes were not originally meant to be realistic representations of the everyday man/woman, they were idealized. Superman still suffers from this, a man with only one weakness who could realistically kill almost everyone in his rogue gallery by throwing them into the sun is hard to turn into a good film. Newer comics tend not to idealize as much, but the original Marvel/DC lineup still has its original audience to cater to. In some cases it isn't a matter of strength vs sexuality when posing characters, it's strength vs agility. Female characters happen to fall into the agility slot more often that men but take Spider-Man and Spider-Girl and their poses become interchangeable. You could probably put him in nearly any female pose and it wouldn't look totally out of place. I recently saw a cartoon making fun of the way Black Widow splays one leg out when she lands, but that's something males do all the time in old kung fu films. You only notice it's sexual when a female does it.

I'm guessing that most of the people that complain about this either don't actually read comics or only read the big ones from the Mervel/DC universes. I own/rent many comics/manga/graphic novels and I would say that most that I own do not sexualize the women (examples for those that need them, I'm currently reading Attack on Titan and Habibi). Most portray them just as realistically as they do the men, the women aren't super busty and the men don't have giant muscles. What you see advertised is not a true representation of the comic industry as a whole, only the big names appealing to the widest possible demographic and the others that try and fail to hit that same demographic by mimicking the art styles of the big names. Smaller independent comics don't follow this trend as often.

It is a problem, if you consider an artist drawing a female how he sees fit to be a problem, but it's not quite as large as people make it out to be. You can find plenty of strong female characters when you stop looking in the best selling section of a industry dominated by males. You'll also find better male and child characters (see Tekkon Kinkreet for two badass homeless preteens).

I'm not great at tl;dr's, sorry. :(

edit: I know people mention girls having no strong female characters to look up to, but unfortunately you need to be active when presenting your children good role models in all areas, not just female heroes. People look up to the selfish Steve Jobs instead of the all but selfless Bill Gates as an example of business, or Lil Wayne instead of Neil deGrasse Tyson as a successful black man. 