well, I didn't particularly want to go into detail. It was a late night rant, and I was left with a subjective opinion of him being an asshole, and definitely not the type of guy I'd go for in almost any other situation. If you want other information, I guess I should've listened to my intuition when he texted me (as we were planning to hang out): "This better be worth it". I replied, "And what if it's not?" and he said, "Then I'd waste a ton of gas". I was like, "well if you think you'd waste a ton of gas/want more than to hook up and smoke weed then maybe you should play it safe and not come". He ended up coming, obviously but when we were fooling around, he asked for head which I did, because I do like it/the response it gets but he started pushing my head faster even though I was gagging and it was clearly uncomfortable for me. He came after like 45 seconds and went to put another condom on because I guess he was embarrassed for finishing early but then he said, "I can't get hard with a condom on" and implied sex without condoms. At that point I was like noooooooo way. But I don't know, those things to me make me think someone is kind of an ass but if you don't think so, that's okay too. I just didn't particularly enjoy it

I say he's sleazy, because even in conversation and etc I realized afterwards he, and his personality, was just like the type of guy that I would avoid in general--sleazy and looking for cheap fucks. I'm not saying I'm above that, clearly I was just looking to hook up too, but I guess I expected better behavior/more intelligence from guys in general. Which is my fault too. 

But you're right, I think because of my previous mostly positive experiences with hook ups (all of them were with older guys who were more my type) I expected this to be a positive experience and the lousy sex was definitely something I didn't think would happen. At the same time, I don't think lousy sex is the end of the world. I realized something bigger was happening here, the fact that I did this signaled to me that I was at a pretty low point in how I was feeling, so no I'm not whining about some lousy sex. 

Thank you for your honesty and posting your opinion. I was primarily looking for a comforting shoulder because I do feel really stupid and I know it's not something I'd do ever again, but constructive criticism always helps nonetheless. 