You provide some fair points, the one about LGBT clubs makes sense. However, I'm not sure if an LGBT club would be promoted as a "front page/default" sort of deal. Yes, they exist, but the brunt of the detail here lies in the default status.

I probably do not see it the way you guys do, since my confirmation bias probably leans me in the direction of shrugging off male-only content as normal. I do mean though, that despite being able to subscribe/unsubscribe from subreddits, new users might be kind of weirded out by the fact that there is, in fact, a female only subreddit as a default and not a male one (read: feminist impressions). Perhaps it is because of my lack of perspective that I think that making 2x a default is unnecessary. All in all, however, I do believe that a decent chunk of the subreddits that have been defaulted are more geared towards men, despite not exactly saying so. However, I feel as though introducing 2x as a default is kind of a moral reparation-- a treatment, but not a cure. 

There are inherently subreddits that will cater to certain genders-- I may be a little sexist here, but this is the truth of the reality-- /r/aww seems to cater towards women, /r/gaming seems to cater towards men, and other distinctions I'm not at liberty to say. I'm wondering if there are subreddits predominantly composed of women that aren't explicitly for women that might be a more suitable default (I can't think of any cuz I'm a dude). What I'm saying is, I'm a little weirded out by the fact that all the other subreddits defaulted share a hobbyist interest to some extent, and this one seems to be solely based on being born a female-- could we not have chosen subreddits in a similar manner (with more interest/hobbyist based criteria), with a more female-based population? The underlying issue here is that the "popular" defaults are dominated by men, primarily because *reddit is mainly comprised of men*. That being said, slapping on 2x as a default seems to polarize the reddit community more than its otherwise nuanced selections for defaults would like to suggest.