I both agree and disagree with your points. No one will debate the fact that you have been treated badly, and have received some discrimination based on your race. However, consider this:

You move to a new country where nearly everyone is different race than you, in a 90% majority. You are now an extreme minority. Everyone treats you as if you have some disease, even if they don't realize they're doing it. They won't look you in the eye, they scrutinize you more closely in every single daily interaction you have, and if you're walking towards them on the sidewalk they'll cross to the other side of the street to avoid you. After all, people of your skin color have committed a disproportionate number of the crimes in their country, so they're skeptical. But it's all fine and good - they're forbidden by law to discriminate against you for a job, right?

No, not exactly. You apply at dozens of fast food restaurants. You hand them application after application, but you're never hired because even though they can't legally admit it, every single person of your race has been fired for being lazy, drunk on the job or just not showing up. You're furious at your own race, but what can you do? They're your only friends, after all - you don't really know anyone of another race. You don't have a job and the school you attend is one of the few places you're in the majority - and it has the expected high rates of crime and dropouts.

Now imagine this. Several years go by, and you've worked hard and finally managed to secure a job, settle down and have a child. That child deserves the best school and the best opportunities, not like you had, right? Well, you want to put them in a good preschool. But you know the other children will look at them differently, because they'll be the only person of their color in the class, and the other kids, not knowing any better, will ask why they're different. Why they're not like everyone else. Even the kids treat them like they have a disease. Their parents tell them not to ask such questions or worry about it, but now your child knows that they're different, and that they'll always be treated differently by the majority of society, at the ripe old age of three. Congratulations. 

And the other parents can easily afford this expensive preschool, but you can't because your job, no matter how hard you try, doesn't pay as much. You've been passed over for every promotion no matter how much more qualified you were than everyone else. Of course this plays back into the stereotype that you, as a minority, must not work as hard as the other employees, because everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed, so if you just worked harder you'd make it! Except you're not, and no one can explain why. You can, but you don't want to be accused of reverse racism, or god forbid demand affirmative action while pointing out that your supervisory board is completely made up of members who are the same race and gender who have never, not even once, promoted a minority. You get the distinct feeling that you have to do twice as much work to get even half the recognition of your coworkers, and that even on projects where you did the majority of the work you are never selected to pitch presentations to other companies, but you can never voice your concerns. That'd be racist.

Your child gets to high school. They are one of five students of their race in a class of 500, because you kept sending them to the good schools. Other kids in the class get pregnant, but you child never does. If they did, it would be the school-wide scandal, because they'd have a baby of *mixed-race*, which would look bad for the other kid they'd been dating. It'd make them look like they're being slutty with a poorer race. Can't have that, right? Other parents take it ok when their teens get pregnant, but if your child ever became a teen parent it'd be a crapfest, and you know before it even happens. You'd be hated by your in-laws for allowing such a thing to happen and damaging their reputation. But they aren't racists, so they'd allow their child to get full custody the baby! They just want to give them a better life and more opportunities than you or your child ever could, after all.

In conversations people will say to you, "Wow, you're the first person of x______x minority who I've met who is so accomplished! What did you do differently?" Or, "How difficult was it sending your child to that school when they're such a minority? Did they ever have trouble keeping up?" Occasionally you'll meet someone who's openly racist, and strangely it's a relief - at least they're honest about the way they feel towards you.

Is this making sense? Do you now understand why affirmative action and such programs are necessary even in a world where so-called equality exists? And why sometimes, minorities might be angry for no apparent reason? No, their actions aren't justified, but at the end of the day, understand why.