>What I mean is that people see "taking advantage of a drunk person" as not rape. It's just taking advantage of the situation, it's shitty, but it's not on par with rape because they didn't hurt them. 

So you mean like unconscious drunk. Yeah I really don't think anybody out there thinks that not rape, or that it's ok. 

>What I mean by no means push harder is harassing or forcing someone to say yes when they have said no and clearly don't want to do whatever it is. It's forcing a yes or ignoring the no. If someone says no and moves your hand away and you keep moving it back, or you ignore the no and do it anyway because you think "no" means "try harder" that's rape. 

Harassing and or forcing someone to have sex is rape, but if someone doesn't want to have sex with someone at first, and later changes their mind that doesn't mean it was nonconsensual. Moving your hand on a girls knee after she moved it away once isn't rape, it might be something else, but it's not rape. Other kinds of physical escalation can be, but it not like I wouldn't be the first time either. 

>I'm linking you to an example of a fellow who genuinely does not believe women really mean it when they say no. 

Tons of people don't really mean it when they say "no" a lot of the time. 

>Some people think they never meant the no, or their job is to force the no into a yes. 

I don't think anyone thinks that their job is to "force an no into a yes". 

>If you pin a girl down until she changes the no into a yes, coercing a yes is not getting a yes. That's rape. 

I don't think anyone thinks it isn't. 

>This is also why I think education is important. No means no, but yes also means yes. WHy do we have the model where men keep going until they're told to stop, then they wait a bit and push further? Why is that the default assumption for how sex is going to happen? 

You keep making this a men and women thing and it's totally not. It's not a model, it's just a human nature thing. People want what they want, so they try hard to get it. Buying someone drinks and flirting a ton even though they already said they weren't interested isn't rape. Sure, some people need to get better at getting the message, but they aren't rapists until they, you know, actually rape someone. 

>With the yes means yes model instead of just going for it and hoping the other person doesn't stop you, just ask "hey, what would you like me to do" and then they can say "I'm good with oral but that's it" or "hands up shirt but that's it" or whatever and they're not in the position of having to say no or pull away after something has happened they didn't want. Then it's not about pushing boundaries or turning a no into a yes, but doing what both parties are comfortable with.

Yeah I mean sure in a perfect world or something but the fact is that completely  unrealistic. The only think that could ever make that happen is if we put the fear of god in everyone that they will be arrested for rape if they don't. I'm not saying don't do it that way. Not all communication is verbal and explicit. In fact most of it isn't. Most peoples way of saying "you wanna escalate this makeout session to oral sex?" Is something more like starting to kiss their neck, or feel around a bit. If the other part isn't comfortable with this, they have to communicate that. If I was making out with someone, and they started hinting at wanting sex, fingering the top of my pants or something, and I didn't want sex,  I would make it clear right then and there. That's how communication works, and it's every important during sex. 

>Actually, yeah, there were. The stubville rape case a lot of people genuinely thought she was asking for it by being blackout drunk, and her rapists did not view themselves as such. 

I'm pretty sure that's not true. That might be some legal plea that their lawyer advised, but I can't seem to find any evidence at all that they didn't think it was rape because she was passed out, or that they thought what they did wasn't wrong. 

>I agree it's totally fucked up. If you know better it's hard to get inside the head of someone who does that, but most people who commit rape genuinely think other men do exactly the same thing but just don't talk about it or pretend not to. (Which is why rape jokes are so not funny, because they can be upsetting to victims, but they also legitimize rapists who think other men force women as well).

>If most rapists don't think of themselves as being different from other men, either they think most men rape or they don't think of what they're doing as rape. I think it's a mixed bag. 

I've heard this claim and I don't think it's true at all. Maybe they think some other men do it, but I don't think any of them think that that makes it not rape or make it ok to do. Any evidence for I at all? It really just seems made up. I don't think there's a single rapist out there who things what they did was ok. 

>In vancouver they started a campaign to "don't be that guy" with examples of rape that commonly happen when alcohol is involved and sexual assault and rape in the club district decreased by 10%. That means a certain percentage of men, prior to seeing educational posters about it, didn't think what they were doing was rape, and upon education fewer men were assaulting intoxicated women. To me, that indicated a number of rapists don't see themselves as such.

This could mean that some rapist had the fear of the law instilled in them when they learned more clearly the definition if legal rape, but it doesn't mean that they thought what they were doing was ok. Correlation doesn't equal causation. It could be that everyone saw these ads and simply, because they were aware of the signs of this kind of rape, prevented it from happening to others more often. 

>However given the number of rapists who show little guilt or don't think they did anything wrong, 

What number is that? Not showing guilt is one thing, but thinking they didn't do anything wrong is a stretch. I don't actually think there are many cases of this at all. 

>I think assuming a woman is unrapable because of her history or state of intoxication or what she was wearing or because they weren't a stranger in the dark, because her to a date was yes to sex, or because they were in a relationship are probably more common.

Really? Really?? I can understand how a rapist might justify the crime to himself because of these things, just like a shoplifter might justify his crimes by saying "Walmarts a giant company, it doesn't hurt them" or something, but that doesn't suddenly make them think they aren't actually commuting theft. On the other hand, I think tons of people would struggle to call a girl having sex with an extremely intoxicated man rape if they were told the man had an erection, or if a girl started blowing her boyfriend in his sleep. 

>There's also a racial factor I didn't really get into. Black and latina women are portrayed as hyper sexual, so the whole "sluts must want it" stereotype - you said yes to other men so why wouldn't you have said yes to him - a defence that sadly gets a lot of men off of rape charges 

I'd like to see more than one example of this where a jury decided that outcome.

>There was a case of a 14 year old black girl being sterilized without consent after getting raped because it was assumed she was just being slutty. It's fucked up. 

That's a horrible fuck up in the legal system, nothing more. 

>But the idea you can't rape a promiscuous woman or a sex trade worker is prevalent. If you don't have that mentality it's hard to understand it, but it does exist.

Once again, criminals try lots of ways to justify their crimes to themselves, but it doesn't mean they don't know it's a crime, or that try truly don't see any wrong in it. 