Haha, sorry about the mix up.  You've got to love the internet for that alone.  In that case, you are a good woman, and again, your father was lucky to have that time with you.  My daughter, who is 7 right now, comes and takes care of me when I'm sick, and it's the most awesome amazing thing ever.  That this beautiful young girl, who once was just a little baby that I held in the night as she cried, that this amazing young girl, that fell asleep on my chest, that she can care for me now, it is the most beautiful and wonderful thing I know.

I'm glad you enjoyed some of the old posts and videos!  I'm also really glad you shared some more of the story about your dad. (It's not blathering in the slightest.)  Thank you so so much for sharing.  I don't know if you saw this poem, but I thought I'd share it with you, as I wrote it for my kids.  I hope it is meaningful to you.  It's called "Some words for a lonely moment."

*Some words for a lonely moment*

There will be times, many of them,   
When the loneliness presses in against you with sharp edges   
When the hollowness hurts  
When tears burn, and there is only a deep knot that  
clenches and clenches.  

Or when there is only an ache,   
a mere memory of something that used to be there.   

Or when you turn to share a stray thought or a joke,   
and find an empty chair,   
a wide expanse of couch,  
a strangers face looking at you across a cup of coffee.  

and yet,

Here I sit, remnants of my hair still wet with the cold fall rain,  
the sounds of Tom Petty fading in my ears.

My lap is still warm from where you curled up tight against me   
and wrapped my arm around you, confident that it would continue

How can I say I’m sorry? How can I reach out, across the days, the months, the decades of absence?  How can I hold you in these arms of too, too solid flesh?

Though I want, I cannot.

I can only offer a few words, a few tears.  Black lines on a page. The memory of something that once was.

And though it is not fair, though it is not enough, it will have to be; this echo of love carved onto the white expanse, this memory of warmth and safety. 

Canceryguy
10/13/12
