I found this post through the defaults when I wasn't logged in, and I'm a guy, so you may want to take this information through whatever lens of influence the disparities between genders might lead to, but I've actually dealt with something very similar to this. 

I've been working at a college for about 3 or 4 years now, and I've worked in two different departments. 

I love the department I work in now. I enjoy my work, and I like all of my colleagues, subordinates, and bosses, and I'm in a position where I regularly receive opportunities to show what I'm capable of. 

The department I was hired into, however... well, it had some issues. 

What I've noticed to be fairly consistent between the two is that offices tend to be very insular. You won't really be fully incorporated into the office until you're no longer "the new guy." I don't know why this is, but it just seems to be the way it works. Offices with higher turnover tend to be more flexible, able to more readily adjust to newcomers, while offices with lower rates of turnover seem to be especially difficult for newcomers to transition into, to the point of being downright toxic.

My first department hired on a largely short-term basis, but it hired in waves due to grad students coming and going. This lead to a dynamic where varying "waves" of hirees formed cliques where the longer you'd been around, the more social status you had. 

I really can't stress how toxic the environment there was. It was ridiculous. Everything you'd described, I experienced personally, and I watched happen to others. Once I had some seniority there, I mostly just kept to myself because I didn't want to be involved in the nonsense there, but everything came to a head when one especially disgruntled employee wrote a 50-page letter full of complaints to HR. 

I had about 3 or 4 pages dedicated to my incompetence, unprofessionalism, inappropriate behavior, etc. The head of the department had about 10, and everyone else was sprinkled throughout. As best as I was able to figure out, the main clique of girls there had collaborated so that, as two of them left for other jobs, they worked with two others to set this whole thing up, thinking that they could clear out a number of positions in the department so that those who remained could move into the newly vacated positions. 

The irony is that, by including such a pedantic level of detail, they inadvertently also included their own incriminations, and rather blatantly were the only people not to be directly criticized in the letter. 

HR followed up on it but nothing was done, and eventually the remaining disgruntled employees left to other opportunities. 

I can go into detail about exactly what I was accused of, if you're curious, but it doesn't really matter; it was all generally very petty. 

What it comes down to is that in some work environments, you end up with people who are childish and petty for no reason outside of their own displeasure with either their work situation, or outside factors. The girl who was the main force behind the 50-page letter was a failed actress who kept telling everyone how much better educated than all of us she was, and how she should have a much better job with much better pay. Another was a failed model, who blamed her ex-husband for ruining her modeling career. Another girl didn't seem to have any particular problems with her own life, but having become close friends with the failed actress, she followed along with whatever the failed actress dictated.

The three of them meddled in any minor squabble and conflict that arose. They would feign friendliness with people only to extract information that could later be used to damage the person's reputation, or to create conflicts between others, or to potentially get them in trouble with their superiors. 

There may be better ways to deal with it, but there were only two solutions that I found. 

* Do not engage them. You know the saying "keep your friends close and your enemies closer?" Well, that. Sort of. Keep an eye on these people, but be aware that they are not your friends. Be polite and professional, and friendly to whatever extent you feel comfortable, but they do not need to know *anything* about you outside of what you do, have done, or will do at work. That's it. Listen to them when they talk and keep track of things, sooner or later they may well slip up and reveal something that might provide some hefty leverage for you if you should need it, but the best course of action is to mind your own business, keep them out of yours, and do your job as best as you can. Engaging them will only weaken your position, and fuel them in their efforts.

* Get out. Yeah, it sucks, it's pretty much the worst option, but if they don't leave any time soon, you'll be better off getting into a healthier work environment. I'm *not* saying "abandon ship," mind you. I'm saying that you should put in your time there, earn yourself some resume fodder, and start doing favors for important people and see what you hear on the grapevine. Sooner or later an opportunity will open up and when it does move on. 

Best of luck to you in this, it's an awful situation to be in. 