Thank you for your response. It does give me a better understanding on why women would be upset about this. I just think that in the nature of this context (being comic book superheros) there is really no way in presenting heroic women in a light that would be acceptable other than allowing them to completely dominate in every story. Let me explain.

Using your last sentence as an example, lets just say we see the heroine you describe. Who would be her adversary? Heroes in comic aren't always dominant and many times barely make out of battles they encounter. Would you rather see your heroine getting beat within a inch of her life by some overpowering male super villain? I think then we would have complaints about women getting abused and looking helpless against a stronger man. I feel like there is no way to write this character without making her boring (though I'm no writer). 

Take Maria Hill for instance. The character that Colby Smoulders plays in the Avengers Movies. Doesn't wear revealing outfits. Shown with agency. Is an attractive woman but those attributes aren't accentuated. Yet does leave a lasting impression on anyone.

And as far as your "women in refrigerators" example, although you are correct, that role isn't given solely to women. Ben Parker, Buckey Barnes and Pa Kent are perfect examples of that. Male Characters that are killed off to ignite heroism or rage. 

So its not that what you ask can't be done. But will it appeal to enough people so that the character is profitable? Would you go buy a Maria Hill series comic? Do you think a large percentage of the comic book audience will? [87%](http://www.comicvine.com/profile/foxxfireart/blog/challenge-of-the-demographics-men-and-women/87487/] of comic book readers are male. Do you think they want to see Spiderman's package? You must have missed the outrage when they showed nipples on the Bat suit in the Batman and Robin movie. 

Again, I'm not saying its ok to objectify women in comics. I'm just saying in this context, it makes sense when characters, both male and female are objectified. 