First- I am so sorry this happened to you. I understand why you feel so bad, even though you shouldn't. You did nothing wrong and are not to blame for anything. 

Second- I am apalled at this. At behaviour like that, but also with the "it sucks, but it's part if life as we know it" attitude. It is fucking not. 

Now this is a generallysation made by a bystander who lives across the world and understands American culture by what comes across in media and places like reddit.  But what I do not understand- where does that male entitelment come from? Why do men seem to think that I have some sort of obligation to "give my digits" to a random stranger, who thinks my ass looks good? 

There was a phrase in another story "I see you seeing me", and the guy saying it actually seemed to think that the fact that the OP had looked in his general direction gave him some sort of "right" to interaction with her. 

Women very politely telling a man that they are not interested, getting threatened to be "put in their place". What does that even mean? What sort of monsters is society creating? And why do you put up with it???

I actually typed up a lot more, but it turned very ranty and I kinda 'Merica bashing- like and I do not actually have any right to critisize a society I have not experienced firsthand or when my own home country isn't perfect either.  

But what I employ as a very effective way to keep any unwanted attention to a minimum- always keep you posture confident and stay polite. A ladylike "Sorry, I am not interested" works better than "The fuck you lookin at" behaviour.  (I have been known to let a "Guys with faces like yours, don't talks to girls with asses like mine" fly, though that usually means I have been thorougly pissed off.)

All in all. This is 2014. There are no more arranged marriages, we can vote and go to uni, become a doctor, a soldier, whoever. Yet we still can't raise men who don't think they are superior? Because all these assholes are someones son or brother. 


