> "taking advantage" isn't rape.

Taking advantage of what? Taking advantage of the fact that someone is passed out drunk, or taking advantage of the fact that someone has a crush on them and is interested in a relationship, even though they are just looking for sex, or taking advantage of the fact that your SO doesn't know you are planning of breaking up with them the next day. All three are shitty, but only one is rape. 

>Or they think "no" really means "push harder"

Are you implying if someone says "no" at first, and then later consents to sex, it's not consensual? As long as they aren't threatening someone, "pushing harder" can just be like "flirting more". 

>and being passed out is an invitation because of how she's dressed

I truly don't think anybody thinks this. I don't think there's ever been a rape case in which the offender's defense was "the victim was unconscious, so clearly it was consensual" 

>They genuinely think a wife or girlfriend is default consent.   

This is another tricky one. Being married to someone doesn't give you the right to have nonconsensual sex with them, and I don't think anyone really thinks it does, but if you, as a couple, have decided that, for example, sex is ok even if one of you is very drunk, but still conscious, and wants to have sex, even though doing the same to a stranger would be much more rapey. 

>I don't think all men are like this. But I do think enough are that rape still is so prevalent. 

I don't think the reason rape is prevalent is that people don't think that they are committing rape. I think pretty much every rapist knows they are. There are exceptions though. I think the following are much more prevalent misconceptions that lead to people unknowing committing rape that any of the things you listed by far. 

* Thinking that certain body fictions such as an erection or vaginal lubrication equal consent, regardless of other factors. 

* Thinking that people of a certain gender always want sex, and therefor things like extreme intoxication don't affect the presence of consent. 

* Thinking that nonconsensual sex with someone isn't rape because of their gender and/or the gender of the victim. 

I think that education of what rape is is very important, but I think you are under the impression that people don't thing that holding your spouse down and fucking them is rape (etc), which is not the problem. 