I'm so sorry that you've experienced what you have. There is something deeply sad about our society where on the one hand, women are expected to maintain a certain level of beauty, but those who qualify then become subjected to a different but equally shitty style of judgement and abuse. 

I was heavy throughout my late teens, lost weight/got fit in my early/mid 20s, gained a lot of it back for a few years and am now fit for the second time. If it makes you feel better, society will treat you like shit no matter how you look. When you're heavy, people just ignore you. You make a joke and not only does no one laugh, their faces express shock that you dared, as an unattractive person, to speak at all. When I got in shape, I had a bartender roll his eyes when I told him that no one had ever offered to buy me a drink before. I was in the process of turning one down from a guy who I had no intention of interacting with and he said "Well you're used to this, right?" It was one of the first times I'd ever gone "out" all dolled up, at my friends insistence. I guess people just assume that attractive people have always been attractive. I don't feel comfortable grind-dancing, I wasn't there to hook-up, it was an overall crappy experience. It's awful that women who qualify as attractive are expected to deal with "the consequences" of that beauty, which in the minds of some means harassment, dismissal and erasure. Or being used as a sex object. When I was heavy for the second time, part of it was because of the shock I experienced from street harassment. I ate as a coping mechanism, and in some way I think I wanted to be left alone, even though I liked the way my body looks fit. It was an overall awful experience, and I'm glad to be out of my 20s.

This might get a little rambly, as it's the weekend and I've had a few drinks, but my best advice would be to not take shit. If someone sticks a camera up your dress, shame them. Call attention to it. I certainly wouldn't have had the nerve as a 17 year old to do anything about it (lord knows I've frozen embarrassed in many situations that I wish I could go back in time and change) but all one can do is move forward, and the next time something like that happens, make a scene. A calm, confident, ice cold scene. Who cares if they call you names or frigid or any of the things that I've been called since I've started to stand up to the sexist shit that gets flung my way. My personal favorite thing to say is "You know that's not okay, right?" Like when a guy I've never met before sits down next to me on the bus and puts his hand on my knee, asking where I've been all his life. "You know that's not okay, right?" Or when someone catcalls you. "You know that's not okay, right?" And it sucks that this is something women have to think about, but consider investing in something like pepperspray, familiarize yourself with it, and always have it at the ready. If street harrassment is something you experience, whether or not you plan to strike back verbally, having pepperspray or something similar is, unfortunately, a smart thing to carry.

All the negative things aside, please love your body. A very good friend of mine gave me some solid advice many years ago, on how to feel more comfortable in your own skin. She calls it the "roll in bed naked and feel sexy" technique. So many people in this world, men and women alike, assume that women exist beautifully for the sake of others, when there is something so wonderful about existing beautifully for *yourself*, regardless of how that beauty manifests. Keep using makeup, if it makes you happy. Keep wearing skirts if it makes you happy. Even if these things are only done in the privacy of your own home. I'm sure you already have, but if you haven't there are many awesome fashion subs linked in the sidebar. 

Please never be ashamed of yourself. By all means, feel sorry for the people who try to bring you down, but you've done nothing wrong by being born beautiful. 