I idolize my dad! My dad and I have always had very similar interests. He and I would go to the library together all the time. He'd head over to the adult section, and I'd wander into the kid sections, and we'd meet up at check out. Both of us have a tendency to keep to ourselves, and we never felt pressured to have to talk much to each other. Whenever he wanted to go to the book store, he'd ask me if I wanted to come with. I'd always go, and he'd buy me a book. 

Almost every day of my childhood, I'd sit at the big picture window and watch across the street to spot my dad walking home from the train station. After dinner, we'd often read in the same room. We were both into Star Trek (TNG), so we'd watch that together, too. 

When I got older, I started to read adult books and would read whatever he finished. I think he loved that we'd both read the same books, even though we didn't really talk about them or anything. We both read Jurassic Park, so he took me to the theater to watch it on opening day. We were the very first ones in line at the theater in the mall for the opening showing on opening day. 

Basically, I adored my dad because he never pressured me to be anything I wasn't. He never made me answer for who I was or what I was interested in. He didn't comment or judge me at all, and I loved him dearly because I could be myself. I could trust he'd always be there for me, that he loved me. 

I'm grown, married, and have kids of my own. I'm in town visiting my parents with the kids right now. I put them to bed and went upstairs. My dad was watching the ball game, so I plopped on the couch next to him and watched an inning before heading out to meet some friends. I just love that he's always been there, always consistent. 

My dad did a lot of the stuff you asked about. He was my softball coach. My parents took us camping. We were on a bowling league together. All of those memories are great, and I'm glad I have them, but the most loving thoughts I have of my dad are those times I mentioned, like going to the library, because it felt like something both he and I truly enjoyed as individuals, but we went together because we liked each other's company.