There is nothing you can do.  Trust me, I "swear to god" there is nothing that can be done or at least not in my situation.  I am LITERALLY 2 hours home from my final divorce hearing because my wife of 15 years, who was moderately religious when we met, continued to lean on god through our hardships instead of formulating plans and making a future for our family in the reality on this planet.  I don't hate religious people - quite the opposite, I'm glad you have found something to hang onto just so you can make it through this life but I'm hear to tell you money is only the beginning.

My wife would tithe more than we could afford and together we were a 150K household.  She would go through gas, which is becoming so expensive it's a bill, just to fuel her vehicle to be at the church more than we needed to.  I was not allowed to question any of this behavior because she was answering to a higher power "that I didn't understand".  I thought I saw the apex when we found out we were pregnant with our 4th child (4th fucking child - kids are expensive, I paid 1100 in daycare alone at one time) and based off of our time, resources, stress levels, and money I told her we didn't need to have our last one.  Her words, not mine and verbatim were "This was God's decision and its not your place to change that.  I am having this child for God and me whether you want it or not."  I was nothing, I wasn't worth her time because I was a nonbeliever but Octavia9, this is going to be the straw that breaks it all or at least it was for me...  The children:

I have 4 daughters and my oldest is 11 and she started talking to me when we were alone about God.  It took everything I had not to be snarky, mean, or discrediting to any religion when she started questioning me.  She would ask me if I believed in God and I would reply that I didn't and I would rub her shoulder and look her in the eye and say "learn baby, learn everything you can.  Take in all the resources available to you and make your decision about what you believe and follow.  Don't let what Mommy or Daddy wants control your life, you control it."  And that my friends was it...  As soon as my wife saw me as a threat to her perfect family of believers I was an enemy.  She called me everything from a devil in her bed to deviate and ultimately moved out and just finalized a divorce THIS MORNING so she could make all of my daughters sit on a bed at night with her for hours and read bible verses.  

I don't know if this will happen for your friend and I hope it doesn't but my ex-wife allowed religion to destroy what we had built up for 15 years.  I wasn't worth her time because I wouldn't be here for eternity.  I do truly believe that the level of tolerance between a believer and non-believer can not be sustained throughout a long term relationship.  Tell your friend to prepare, scheme, and do what she must to protect herself and her children because if he has drank that much of the Kool-aid - its coming and there isn't much you can do to mitigate the fall out. 

I am truly sorry.