What I mean is that people see "taking advantage of a drunk person" as not rape. It's just taking advantage of the situation, it's shitty, but it's not on par with rape because they didn't hurt them. Obviously I meant taking advantage of the situation in a skeevy rape way not as your later example. I've never heard of someone refering to having sex w someone you're planning on breaking up w as taking advantage before.

What I mean by no means push harder is harassing or forcing someone to say yes when they have said no and clearly don't want to do whatever it is. It's forcing a yes or ignoring the no. If someone says no and moves your hand away and you keep moving it back, or you ignore the no and do it anyway because you think "no" means "try harder" that's rape.

I'm linking you to an example of a fellow who genuinely does not believe women really mean it when they say no. I think it illustrates my point well. Some people think they never meant the no, or their job is to force the no into a yes. If you pin a girl down until she changes the no into a yes, coercing a yes is not getting a yes. That's rape. 

Some people genuinely change their mind over the course of the evening or after a few more dates. But if one person is pushing and pushing and pushing and the other keeps saying no, the yes you get at the end of it is dubious.

This is also why I think education is important. No means no, but yes also means yes. WHy do we have the model where men keep going until they're told to stop, then they wait a bit and push further? Why is that the default assumption for how sex is going to happen? 

With the yes means yes model instead of just going for it and hoping the other person doesn't stop you, just ask "hey, what would you like me to do" and then they can say "I'm good with oral but that's it" or "hands up shirt but that's it" or whatever and they're not in the position of having to say no or pull away after something has happened they didn't want. Then it's not about pushing boundaries or turning a no into a yes, but doing what both parties are comfortable with.

>I truly don't think anybody thinks this. I don't think there's ever been a rape case in which the offender's defense was "the victim was unconscious, so clearly it was consensual"

Actually, yeah, there were. The stubville rape case a lot of people genuinely thought she was asking for it by being blackout drunk, and her rapists did not view themselves as such. 

I agree it's totally fucked up. If you know better it's hard to get inside the head of someone who does that, but most people who commit rape genuinely think other men do exactly the same thing but just don't talk about it or pretend not to. (Which is why rape jokes are so not funny, because they can be upsetting to victims, but they also legitimize rapists who think other men force women as well).

If most rapists don't think of themselves as being different from other men, either they think most men rape or they don't think of what they're doing as rape. I think it's a mixed bag. 

In vancouver they started a campaign to "don't be that guy" with examples of rape that commonly happen when alcohol is involved and sexual assault and rape in the club district decreased by 10%. That means a certain percentage of men, prior to seeing educational posters about it, didn't think what they were doing was rape, and upon education fewer men were assaulting intoxicated women. To me, that indicated a number of rapists don't see themselves as such.

>This is another tricky one. Being married to someone doesn't give you the right to have nonconsensual sex with them, and I don't think anyone really thinks it does, but if you, as a couple, have decided that, for example, sex is ok even if one of you is very drunk, but still conscious, and wants to have sex, even though doing the same to a stranger would be much more rapey.

I agree there, but that's something you've discussed. If the wife says she doesn't want to have sex w her while she's sleeping and the husband does it anyway after being told no, and finishes after she tells him to stop, that's rape. Rape is fairly common in domestic abuse cases, where she doesn't want it and he forces it anyway.

>misconceptions that lead to people unknowing committing rape that any of the things you listed by far.
Thinking that certain body fictions such as an erection or vaginal lubrication equal consent, regardless of other factors.
Thinking that people of a certain gender always want sex, and therefor things like extreme intoxication don't affect the presence of consent.
Thinking that nonconsensual sex with someone isn't rape because of their gender and/or the gender of the victim.

I agree with these are misconceptions that lead to rape, but they're not the only ones and I can't speak to which is more prevalent. However given the number of rapists who show little guilt or don't think they did anything wrong, I think assuming a woman is unrapable because of her history or state of intoxication or what she was wearing or because they weren't a stranger in the dark, because her to a date was yes to sex, or because they were in a relationship are probably more common. I do think the same applies for men, there are probably women who think relationship = sex any time they want, or assume men are unrapeable because men are supposed to be promiscuous and promiscuous people can't be raped.

There's also a racial factor I didn't really get into. Black and latina women are portrayed as hyper sexual, so the whole "sluts must want it" stereotype - you said yes to other men so why wouldn't you have said yes to him - a defence that sadly gets a lot of men off of rape charges - will often be assumed to be there even if the woman in question hasn't been promiscuous. There was a case of a 14 year old black girl being sterilized without consent after getting raped because it was assumed she was just being slutty. It's fucked up. But the idea you can't rape a promiscuous woman or a sex trade worker is prevalent. If you don't have that mentality it's hard to understand it, but it does exist.