My father died of terminal disease when I was 11. Let me just say that if you have been a good father so far, there is literally nothing you can do to change that in the mind of your kids. Don't worry about making mistakes. Leave your words to them, it's the most you can do and in time they will cherish them. They can be misguided even, or wrong, or even dated but in the end they will be from you. If you would be alive for the rest of their lives you would have been an imperfect parent anyways but as long as you would have put heart into it the kids would learn to take the right from the wrong. Because that is how you grow up. You take down your parents from a god position to a flawed but cherished human mentor. So don't worry about writing anything off. Write freely.

One of my father's dying wishes was that I continue with the art I was passionate about (I was enrolled in music school). Many years later my passion for piano waned, not so much because I didn't love the music, but because my skills were simply not amazing, despite the work. As a result I struggled a lot with continuing it or going over to my other passions (science). I ended up doing it for more years to stay true to his wish but in the end when it came to choosing my university I prepared and passed the entry to a science themed major. It took a lot of strength, and I did feel for a while I was betraying him but in the end I realized he would have understood. He simply didn't foresee how much things will change. I don't regret him leaving me his wish at all. It made me grow up, and realize I need to take ownership of my life. I don't regret struggling to choose. It made my choice all the more true and not a fickle thing. 

As for your words being a reminder of the sadness I disagree. My father didn't leave me any letters. It didn't stop the sadness. The sadness is a normal part of grieving. There is no way to make it better, it's like a cleansing fire. And I do not regret going through that experience either. It has made me a much more thoughtful, empathic person. You say you want to be a good memory but you will be much more than that. For me, my father became like a spirit guide, a constant vigil in my heart. I came back to him again and again and I still do. Ot has been more than 15 years, and I think of him almost every day. I feel he has had the strongest and the most long lasting influence in my life. I would not be who I am without him. 

And if there is anything I wish I had more of, is his words. Growing up I felt a need to know him, to keep discovering him and understanding him. I read the books he read, picked up hobbies he had, and cherished other people's memories of him. He liked building things so knowing this I build things too. It felt like we connected over time. We had the same struggles, the same technical challenges. Do leave as much of you as you can. Your life stories, your interests, your life conclusions, your past mistakes, your philosophy of life. Your favorite books at different times of life, your favorite places and hated ones, your favorite recipes. Meditate over things, be raw, be your flawed self. Write more about your self than about who they might be. They can feel more connected to you by getting to know you better. It won't make them more sad, it will give them comfort. They now know you as a child knows a parent but one day they will wish to know you adult to adult. And this you CAN give them. 
I hope this helps.