We have evidence that genetics and epigenetics combine to create obesity in many cases. What we have in the US is worse education and healthcare for sure, and a different diet that could very well be part of it. And our obesity rate is not ridiculously higher than our close lifestyle neighbors Canada and the UK. Are 1/4 of their populations lazy, or are we maybe missing a causal link? We know that obesity in every case is caused by taking in more calories than you put out, but we also know that appetite and basal metabolic rate are controlled by very complex systems that are difficult to control in vivo, though that doesn't stop us from trying. We know that people who were obese who lose weight have more hunger than those who have always been a healthy weight, and we know that even if your basal metabolic rate is very low, taking in a very low number of calories a day itself can cause conditions like hypothyroidism and insulin resistance, which make it that much harder to lose weight, so there isn't a simple solution for everyone. We know that leptin is a major player in telling your brain that you have enough fat, and we have found and successfully treated leptin deficient individuals. There's also evidence that some or even most individuals are leptin resistant, but it's hard to track and pinpoint that issue now so more research needs to be done. It could easily be that something environmental is acting as a competitive or allosteric inhibitor of the receptor or binding leptin itself, or that it's causing decreased transcription or translation of the leptin receptor, but we don't know yet.

We know that obesity rates are highly correlated with education rates, and while you could argue that not getting a higher education is proof of laziness, I think the bigger problem is that those who aren't as educated don't really know better. Until we're teaching actual nutrition in elementary and middle schools and high schools, I won't be convinced that just because you graduated high school you know what healthy eating really is. We know that high fructose corn syrup and lots of fructose in general throws off many of the regulatory pathways for metabolism and appetite, and we know that environmental factors may very well play a huge role in throwing off metabolism and appetites. We also know that mental illness definitely does.

So while I can't yet tell you definitively which genes and epigenetic changes are responsible for booming obesity rates, I can tell you that we have reason to believe that obesity is much more based in your actual physical genome than most lay people believe. I'm assuming you'll want sources for those claims I made, but right now it's past my bedtime. I'll comment again tomorrow with some reading material for you.