For point 1, if you're truly discussing care for the elderly, and you have statistics to show that men as a group do less for the elderly, then by all means say "Statistically, men as a group are less likely to take responsibility to care for the elderly". That's much more polite and PC than saying "Men take much less responsibility for the care of the elderly." The former might be met with "Well I volunteer at the old folks' home, I'm not like that! Not all men are like that!" to which you respond "That's great, how can we get more men involved in helping the elderly?" and the two of you proceed to have a great, productive discussion, even though someone responded with "not all x are like that." However, if you word it like the latter, you're much more likely to raise someone's emotions and shut them out from the conversation.

If someone feels the need to say "not all ___ are like that" then that's generally a direct response to bigoted speech. "I got ripped off at the store the other day, Jews really need to stop charging exorbitant prices for their products" is bigoted hate speech and you rightfully would respond with, among other things, a comment saying that not all Jews are like that.

Similarly, if someone says "I was sexually assaulted when I was 15, we really need to get men to stop doing such heinous things," it is also bigoted, hateful speech.

It might be derailing in that it is pointing out the author is using bigoted, hateful language without realizing it, but that doesn't mean it shouldn't be discussed. Hate speech and stereotypes never come from a rational place, and it does discredit someone's argument if that's their source - in the same way you won't listen to a neo-Nazi's arguments about Jews ruling the world even if a disproportionately large % of the ruling class happens to be Jewish.

And speaking of wacko conspiracy theories born out of hatred, I don't believe in the patriarchy myth despite a disproportionately large % of the ruling class being male, so I don't agree with point #3 as written. For the record, I believe we live in a oligarchic kyriarchy where class privilege is far and away the most advantageous form of privilege, followed by attractive privilege, cis privilege, white privilege, hetero privilege, able bodied privilege, neurotypical privilege, and then maybe you have male privilege and female privilege, both with their respective areas they have advantages (ie economic vs social) and disadvantages. Patriarchy theory's notion that the predominant, main form of societal privilege is male privilege and not class privilege is hilariously wrong, and seems to be a great form of misdirection by the ruling class to get us to squabble over minor gender issues instead of banding together to fight the ridiculous class divide.

I do believe there is plenty of sex and gender based discrimination that all sexes and genders have to deal with, though, and do agree with the general point of your #3: anybody who claims to be "fighting for gender equality" without actively trying to help ALL genders (men, women, and everyone else) in areas they are disenfranchised  - only by passively not being a bigot or only focusing on the issues one gender faces - is kidding themselves. 