> Here's a post by Reddit founder paulgraham on the phenomenon, which he recognized on Reddit as a whole eight years ago

He's not a founder of reddit as much as he is the co-founder of Y Combinator, which was the startup accelerator that reddit was a part of in the past (other big names you might recognize: dropbox, airbnb, scribd). pg/ycombinator also host Hacker News, which is like a reddit specifically for the startup/technical world.

HN has also suffered from growth problems and up until very recently, pg's way to handle that was to tweak the hell out of his own algorithms and then silently moderate the whole thing, and then try to add in incredibly dumb features like "pending comments" that moderated _all_ comments from all members for vote by members reaching a certain threshold (karma/age). Mind you, I didn't say moderate _well_, just _silently_ moderated. I was ready to stop reading HN some days because there were some people commenting that were hellbanned (you think everything is normal while you're logged in, but nobody else can read what you wrote) for who knows what reason, and stories would fall off the front page for no obvious reason except that it talked a little shit about an existing yc company. There were also incredibly misogynistic idiots that wouldn't shut their mouthes that were left to ramble all they want. Meanwhile, pg would keep insisting that HN was okay despite the growth. Maybe it looked okay on the outside, but it was very diseased on the inside.

Only recently (because pg is stepping down from day-to-day stuff) has HN gotten a public moderator that has been vocal about every reason why something looks weird or following up on stuff that should have been moderated with concrete suggestions as to what to do, and only recently have I been happy about HN. But that's not something that will scale to a million active users per day, like reddit can easily beat. We're talking maybe like a quarter of that, and moderators aren't getting paid to moderate as their main job.

He's also blabbed more about this here: http://paulgraham.com/hackernews.html

pg may be right about some things or prescient about recognizing a trend, but he hasn't talked about how to fix this particular problem mostly because he hasn't figured it out himself. It's kind of a shame. The only thing that you can really do about it is just to moderate the hell out of it if possible.