> But please understand that statistically your mother is an enormous outlier case.

My mom tried birth control pills, too, and she had the same reactions to them that I'm having now. The only difference is that she wasn't required to take them to control her body.

I can't help but think, "If I can't even find a birth control pill that won't mess me up, what does that say about a combination of depression medication and the pill?" If I eventually find some combination that works, that's great, but how many months am I going to be spending on and off of different cocktails of medications that might make me even worse?

I feel paralyzed because nothing is working so far, and even my gynecologist said that I'm running out of options to try. She said that the progesterone is the hormone of the pill that most women react poorly to, and there are only a few types of pills that have different progesterones. I've tried all of them except this last one I just started, and already I feel like a mental wreck. I'm not sure if it's because it's not even the end of the first week of the pack or if it's because I really am reacting terribly to it, but I feel small and helpless and paranoid and I'm lashing out at everything in frustration and fear.

> But please don't use your mother's experience as an excuse to not get help. You are in more danger from your depression than you are from your treatment. Definitively.

I've looked up psychologists in the area that are part of my insurance network, but there are bunches and I don't even know where to start. I've tried googling doctors' names and looking through various sites, but I live in a relatively rural area and there don't seem to be any reviews for them. The last time I was ever in therapy was when I was 15 (I'm 23 now), and at the time, I found the councilor through a friend. She wasn't a psychiatrist that could diagnose or prescribe medication and I didn't talk about the roots of my problems with her because I was afraid of being judged or hospitalized.

I feel very weak and cowardly and I feel like I should apologise for absorbing your time. I know I need to bite the bullet and try to get help for all of this, but I always freeze up and succumb to fear.