or you could just spread cultural awareness that girls have different desires and what is consent for one girl is not consent for the next. let's face it, the fact that many attractive women expect men to be aggressive is what is fueling this behavior. the men wouldn't do it if it wasn't working well for them. your message needs to be aimed at women as well as men. not the victims, but the consenting ones that are not victims but are enforcing and rewarding the behavior that is creating victims. 

a lot of this speech acts as if this is a problem of men's behavior. but men don't act in some type of vacuum. they learn to do what works. they wouldn't do this type of stuff if it didn't work. a lot of women go to parties, and they get drunk because they know they can use this as an excuse to avoid the "slut" label. so guys learn to get women drunk and to take responsibility, because this is what the women want. this is what they respond too. other guys see these guys succeeding with women, and they start doing the same thing. but then one of them runs into a woman that doesn't go to parties, that doesn't use this strategy to avoid slut shaming by other women. and before you know it what is a working strategy with a consenting woman in one situation is rape in another situation. and nobody thinks it is rape because they personally know people where this clearly is not rape. all of the sudden the song "blurred lines" becomes a message of what our culture has become. what is consent for one woman, is not consent for the next. what would be rape for one woman, is not rape for the next. and then you have a culture like we have today, where people argue over what is and is not rape. both sides of the arguments on rape have strong supporters because they know that they are correct. but they both are failing to see the situation from the other side. 

perhaps you should be pushing issues on women shaming each other. this causes demand for women who enjoy sex to act as if they are not in control of a situation that they are really in control of. they want to be able to sleep with men, but they also don't want to be shamed by other women. they also don't want to be turned down by future men because of things they have done in the past. their best course of option is to lie about how much control they had over the situation. perhaps this should be addressed. it is a large part of the problem. 

perhaps the guys should be confronted over shaming each other into seeking sex. sex is good and all, but it shouldn't be how men judge each other or how women judge men. it may be good to have more public acceptance of sex toys for men. perhaps there should be a push for some attractive male who turns down women and instead chooses to wait for the right one. this male should be modeled as being successful and worthy of modeling male behavior after. 

as for rape culture, the lines should be less blurred. a very important part of that is to have degrees of consent. some violations of consent are worse than others. these differences allow room for argument over what does and does not constitute rape. holding a woman down with a gun pointed at her head is rape and has a lot less consent than getting an anxious girl a beer to allow her to overcome her anxiety and take off her dress. both lack full consent, but one obviously has less consent then the other. they should not be conflated as being equally bad, they aren't equally bad, and arguments that state they are, invalidate all of the speakers points. 

rape needs to be seen as going both ways. forced to penetrate needs to be thrown onto the rape laws. an unattractive woman who gets a guy drunk enough to have "beer goggles" and have sex with her is the same level of rape as a guy who gets a girl drunk knowing that she has a history of losing control and sleeping with people when drunk. both examples are predators deliberately using alcohol to remove the other person's ability to make meaningful decisions about consent. 

the idea of rape culture is failing to mention an elephant in the room. male prisoners are the epitome of rape culture. they are the ones that people literally say that they deserve it. they are the ones that people laugh at when they hear they have gotten raped. they are the ones that people say they hope these men get raped. and that these men deserved to get raped and that they caused themselves to get raped. these are the ones who are violently raped and people make jokes about it. if anything is rape culture, this is rape culture. why are these men never talked about? why do they remain invisible? what does it say about our culture that some rape victims should be protected, but not all of them? and what does that imply about how we view men and women as victims?

