Since you have now said this a couple of times, I just want to make sure to dispel the myth: With the exception of one class of antibiotic (Rifampin) that is used to treat tuberculosis, antibiotics do not have any proven effect on oral contraceptive effectiveness. But don't take my word on it, here are some sources:

http://shs.osu.edu/blog/the-truth-about-antibiotics-and-birth-control1

http://www.mayoclinic.org/healthy-living/birth-control/in-depth/birth-control-pill/art-20045136?pg=2 (last quesiton on page)

http://www.plannedparenthood.org/health-topics/ask-dr-cullins/dr-cullins-birth-control-5444.htm

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12436822

Part of the reason that this myth has persisted is that more protection can't possibly be harmful, and a condom is never not a good idea. That said, as a man that has had his heart in his throat as an overly paranoid girlfriend took a pregnancy test from three counties away, absolutely sure she was pregnant... well you get the picture.

While it may not be a comfort, you are a statistical anomaly. The bright side is that you may not have done anything wrong, meaning you have no reason to feel stupid or guilty, just unlucky on your roll of the dice.

Now, on to the emotional part: Sorry for the above, I don't mean to belittle your situation and I hope you don't take it that way. Personally, I think you're doing the right thing, but probably for a different reason than other people here. Your boyfriend's reaction in both the original and this updated discussion doesn't reveal someone with the emotional maturity to be a parent. The idea that you can introduce a child into a relationship that both parties in that relationship don't equally want and have a healthy relationship at the same time is facile. Early parenthood has been shown over and over again to be one of the most stressful times in a relationship: You're sleep deprived, you're subject to a whole new set of limits that are outside of your control and have a huge impact on your day to day life, and you have a new person in your life that is completely dependent on you and your SO for everything--this is a trying time even if you're fully committed to each other and the kid. Whether or not to terminate this pregnancy is very likely not the hardest decision you'll face as a couple and the idea that forcing one or the other of you into the situation of caring for an unwanted child will lead to a good relationship is faulty logic at best. You're absolutely correct to have concerns about becoming a parent as it is a lifelong commitment that cannot be taken back. Ever. And that's a pretty big deal.

Also, I want to give you some internet kudos for taking his feelings into account. Given his behaviour I'm not sure his opinion should be considered material, but you're a good person to extend him that courtesy. I've seen a lot of sentiment of, "it's your body, it's your decision," and while that's functionally true, it fails to take into account the emotional reality, viz. you love this guy and you were both part of creating this situation. You're in a committed relationship. You plan on getting married. Just because you have different feelings in this admittedly difficult situation doesn't reduce the guy to the level of sperm donor. Your intentions of involving him in the decision are entirely admirable and reveal a maturity that you may not be confident that you have. Him putting you in a situation where you feel you have to choose between your life and your relationship is an incredibly shitty thing to do (like, monumentally shitty), and not something that I believe someone who is ready to be a parent would do. I read on here (reddit, not 2X) at some point that relationships work best when both parties believe the give and take is 60/40. That means you both give a little more than half of yourself to the other person--not enough that you resent them, even if they don't return it right away, but enough that they know you are doing it. The harsh truth is that he's seemingly unwilling to work past his ideological problems to make sure that you remain happy, and that's no good. Sacrifice isn't sacrifice if it's easy, and you should be worth more to him than that. As I tried to articulate above, forcing you to have the kid doesn't make any rational sense either.

One final thing: Your dedication to your relationship is admirable, and if you're seeking to continue it you should not feel guilty about asking him to come with you to your appointment. Ideally his feelings for you and his desire for your well being should override his discomfort. Perhaps if he sees what a physical sacrifice this is for you, that you couldn't have come to this decision at the drop of a hat and that it was likely more difficult for you then he is giving it credit, perhaps that will cause him to mature. I'm not saying to count on it, but if he won't even come out of his comfort zone to make sure you're healthy, then you're probably not losing the love of your life anyway.

But, that's just, like, my opinion man (all except the top part, that's science). 