Firstly, the example of the republic definition demonstrates well that the success of a definition getting "the essence of a political ideology". To get to the essence of something necessarily leaves out the *detail* of the ideology which may or may not be essential to it.

Whatever you want me to say some Republicans are for abortion, most are against. There is certainly dispute among republicans about the extent to which government should be limited.

Secondly I find your complaint against the provision of a short definition odd given that's exactly what you did
> Feminism is about the advancement of women. If it were about fairness, it would be about achieving equal rights for everyone, regardless of gender.

The definition of "feminism" you provided was as similarly terse as that which I provided, so if there is some problem with the provision of terse definitions it applies just as much to yours. The chief difference between the two, was that mine was sourced.

> Feminism used to be about ending the differences in rights (achieving equality) between the sexes. 

Right, so you do acknowledge this understanding that was different to the one you initially provided.

> This is laudable and is a subset of egalitarianism.

Conceptually, yes, but you do also accept that feminism was the first movement to care about gender equality?

> Loud voices carry the meaning of any movement or group unless met with denouncement. 

Loud voices carry the meaning of a movement in the mind of those that wrongly generalise from those minority loud voices to the whole movement.

>  As a man, how can I associate with a group who has mainstream personalities and leaders who say these things?

Do three things:

One, don't generalise from the loud voices to the whole group.

Two, denounce views from those that identify as feminists that say sexist or male deprecating things as not being feminists.

Three, don't blindly accept what is evidently a lazy list of quotes generally taken out of context, misquoted, or entirely fabricated that do not represent the author's intent. Instead, attribute the quote to a source that we can, at least in principle, verify for ourselves.

Several of your quotes are debunked at [Unchecked feminist quotes: a list for MRAs, feminists, and anyone who likes factual accuracy](http://franklyno.tumblr.com/post/66730593551/unchecked-feminist-quotes-a-list-for-mras-feminists).

A few of your examples

Marilyn French
> "All men are rapists and that’s all they are." — 

> ... taken from The Women’s Room (1977) [1] [2], a work of fiction ....

Andrea Dworkin
> "I want to see a man beaten to a bloody pulp with a high-heel shoved in his mouth, like an apple in the mouth of a pig." 

> Paraphrased [not even accurately quoted] from Mercy (1990), also a work of fiction

Sharon Stone
> The more famous and powerful I get the more power I have to hurt men
... had no source anywhere ....

David Angier
>  "If anyone is prosecuted for filing a false report, then victims of real attacks will be less likely to report them." 

> which was only paraphrasing his views and not quoting him directly. .... The Boston Globe (Dec 9 1999) on the other hand has a verified quote by him that summarizes his viewpoint succinctly:

>>  "A prosecution in this case would be counterproductive. Women don’t report rape for a variety of reasons, one of which is they feel they won’t be believed. A prosecution in this case may create the impression that women are not believed."
