Yeah, she will get disrespected by someone at some point in her life -- but I'm sure you've been disrespected on occasion too; sometimes people are just assholes.  It's often worse for women, and you can't stop that.  But you can be there for her when it happens, and remind her that it's nothing she did; it's just because people suck sometimes.  She won't necessarily get taken advantage of, though: you can counteract any male-desire-based views of her self-worth that she might be getting from her mom by treating her like a person -- that's pretty much all it takes for a girl to learn to base her self-worth on things other than men wanting to have sex with her.  Just one parent treating her like a person, talking to her like she's capable of doing things and understanding things, telling her she can be what she wants to be and wear whatever colours she wants to wear and play with the toys she wants to play with.  My aunts and uncles would sometimes say stuff like, "but wouldn't you rather play with the doll instead of the sword?"  But my mom and dad would let me have the sword when I wanted it.  They thought it was great that I wanted plastic tools and a workbench in my dad's workroom so I could build stuff with him.  Conversely, they also thought it was great whenever I wanted to do stereotypically "girly" things, too -- my mom helped me put flower decals on my (pink) sword (she's an artist and had random decals floating around).  Letting me be whatever I wanted to be (provided that I was always respectful to the people around me -- unless they were assholes) really helped me.  

What was also great was that whenever my dad talked about any given woman, even if he didn't like her, it was *always* about what she was doing and saying and never what she looked like.  I didn't even notice that this was abnormal until I moved away for university, and now I really appreciate that it was different from what a lot of girls experience from their dads growing up, and I'm very grateful for it.  My mom is more concerned with how women look and whether their appearance is "acceptable" to her, but my dad's positive influence (i.e. the way he talked about women as people rather than sexual objects) really shaped me *much* more than my mom's insecurities did.  It's sad that my dad's views are something to be grateful for rather than the norm, but I like to think that more and more dads (and people in general) are doing this.

Being a woman is hard sometimes, yeah, but honestly my day-to-day life is pretty great!  The people that I interact with are pretty much always kind, pleasant, and respectful, and even though I'm in academia, my sub-field is filled with women role models, and I always get treated like a person. 

Don't worry; as long as you're there for her, you can help your daughter be awesome and have an awesome life. :)