I think the star status is a double edged blade here...on one hand, you get more exposure. On the other hand, in this type of trans character role, it breaks any illusion that the character on screen is trans, at least is does for me. I see a cis guy in drag (not necessarily a bad thing) no matter what the director was trying to convey. I just can't take it seriously.

The avicii video has someone who yeah, was cis and looked pre-transition, but I could look at it and accept that the character is trans, I could take the message at face value. 

And I get that it's hard to do casting calls for trans roles. Trying to cast a trans person mid-transition would be really difficult. And casting pre-transition or late/post transition allows a broader scope of actors through cis folk. It's an issue of logistics and the fact that it's still career suicide for most people to come out as LGBT in hollywood unless they're already famous.

I just remember growing up not having any representation at all, and how depressing that was. How every trans woman character was a man in a dress, just pushing the idea that I could never be a legitimate woman, that any goals I'd have for transition would be fruitless, and it honestly on numerous occasions had me on the verge of suicide. I had no one to look up to. No one, and the only stuff I saw about trans people in the media were how sick, gross and what immoral freaks we were.

Things are a little bit better these days, but there's still a dearth of trans people in the media. There's a lack of role models that I feel are vitally necessary to helping the next generations of trans youth from feeling hopeless enough to attempt suicide 41+% of the time. There's still a hell of a lot of ridiculously poor representations of trans people in media. And maybe if those representations were better and more diverse, it wouldn't matter as much that there weren't as many trans actors playing roles (it'd still be an issue, just less of one). Instead, trans men are invisible in the media, and nearly every trans woman role fits into two or three specific subtypes, none of which are ever really positive or flattering.

So yeah...Andrew Garfield playing this role isn't the worst thing to ever happen ever. But I seriously goddamn hope that if he's interviewed about it, that he's at least spent a few hours getting familiar with terminology and the trans community so that it doesn't turn into yet another indifferent cis actor playing the part for brownie points, attention and money.