I actually am a Christian, though I'll admit that I come from a very liberal denomination and don't share some of the more typical views of what is and isn't sinful. That's a theological discussion for a different time and place, though.

I believe that what anyone, Christian or atheist or otherwise, chooses to do sexually is between them, their partner(s), and their god. I don't believe that parents should be involved in their children's purity pledges or should be placed in the role of significant other. Parents certainly can teach their own view of sexual morality and what is and is not acceptable, but this whole requiring a public vow and having a purity ring from a parent and all of the sexualizing around it is just creepy and over the top. I also don't think that anyone should feel pressured to share their sexual choices with anyone they aren't having sex with, including their fathers and the other people at the purity ball. I think that if your goal is to teach your children to value sex and reserve it for marriage, that is ok, but good parenting doesn't require a pledge from your kid and it doesn't require you to act as a substitute for a sexual partner for you child (obviously without sex, but the idea is still creepy). 

If that's what you want to do, it should be a value instilled over a lifetime with the understanding that at some point, your child won't be a child anymore and will be making their own decisions that are none of your business. Making them promise to behave a certain way, especially when it's something that harms no one besides maybe themselves, isn't going to help, and telling a 12 year old that "hey, we know you could have sex right now even though you probably aren't really thinking about that seriously yet and we just want to tell you that you can't because your sexuality that you almost definitely weren't going to use for at least a couple more years even if you don't want to remain "pure" doesn't belong to you" is downright creepy. That's my problem with it.