I'm not going to attempt to justify his behaviour; it is clearly unacceptable. The issue of consent is obviously the biggest one. Your BF didn't want to, so he should have stopped. No questions asked.

However-- and this is not to justify anything, but to maybe hope to explain some of his thinking-- there are certain instances where common queer conceptions and common straight conceptions differ. (I am a lesbian, for the record.)

Think about the classic "girl-on-girl" (barf) scene. Maybe the girls are single, but maybe they both have boyfriends; either way, it doesn't really matter because they're *just having fun, tee hee.* It's seen as a way of de-fanging female homosexuality so that it doesn't seem as threatening to male heterosexuality; the male gaze is nearly always heavily, heavily implied. *Oh my god, can you imagine what Craig would say if he saw us pillow fighting like this? With my boobs out? This is crazy!* Even if the boyfriend or boyfriends aren't around, it's implied that this will be a fun, sexy story to be shared later on. Again, barf, but this is the metanarrative.

And the thing is... I've hooked up with a decent share of girls who have boyfriends. (Not while they're looking, because that's not for me, but I was made aware of their existence ahead of time.) Not initiated by me, but by the various girls, probably because they are looking for a story to tell to make them seem cool or avant-garde or progressive or whatever. 

I don't usually say no because, well, number one because you get what you get in this lifetime and number two because it's sort of understood to be, uh, "not cheating" within this metanarrative. No boyfriend goes after the lesbian with a baseball bat for hitting on his girl, you know? That's not a thing, because female homosexuality isn't seen as having any teeth, like I said. Do I like this conception? No, but if I'm going to have to deal with homophobia it may as well pay dividends for me. I remember things getting hot and heavy with a classmate of mine in the bathroom of a house party; then, a while later, I ran into her and her boyfriend (!!!) I didn't say anything, but she was quite content to tell him about it then and there. They weren't in an open relationship, but by both of their accounts, it "didn't count." lol, okay.

So, anyway, that brings us to your situation. Your BF didn't want to kiss this guy, so he should have respected that; that much is obvious. However, many (not all) straight people do seem to have this idea that casual gay stuff while you're in a committed str8 relationship "doesn't count" because it's so highly differentiated-- ie., *it doesn't matter if I suck his dick, honey, because you don't have a dick to suck so there's no comparison.* Not saying it's right or wrong or anything. This is just one school of thought which I would say is moderately prevalent. Is it a homophobic school of thought, in which "gay cheating" doesn't matter as much as "straight cheating?" I would say yes, but again: dividends. Evidently, it is a school of thought to which your friends apparently subscribe.

Now, of course you have every right to be upset. Your relationship isn't one which abides by these conditions; your boyfriend didn't want to do this which is worse still. But the things I mentioned are  beliefs which exist in our culture, for better or worse.