I don't think having safe, consensual sex at 13 is necessarily bad or says anything about your worth, but at the same time, promiscuity at such a young age is often an indication of other problems, like for example self esteem issues that would contribute to self-harm and sexual abuse like you've apparently already encountered. I encourage you to be honest with the adults in your life at least about your struggles with self-esteem and depression, because I'm 10 years older than you and I still rely heavily on my grandma and, until last year, my great-grandma. You're still a kid, and honestly I'm not convinced anyone is really "self-sufficient" at any age. If you're going through some shit, that's ok, everyone has been there and many of us have been through therapy. That certainly doesn't mean you can't consent to sex. But I'd encourage you and anyone else, male or female, sexually active or not, to consider why they do what they do and if their motivations are actually healthy. I know you feel mature at 13; everyone does. I felt mature at 18 and 21, too. But even in the span of just 2 years, I've had enough life experiences to make me rethink my previous decisions and wonder why the fuck I ever agreed to some of them. 

I suspect that much of the disapproval you've met with is rooted in concern about your over all well being rather than in a creepy patriarchal purity culture. You're incredibly articulate and you seem pretty introspective, but like most 13-year-olds, you're missing some of the dots you should be connecting and even strangers who don't care about your "purity" are concerned about how safe you're being. People who have sex at a very young age often have riskier sex and have many other issues going on at the same time.

Also, if you liked The Unbearable Lightness of Being but it was a little too nebulous, try A Tree Grows in Brooklyn which is much more focused-ish but with a similar tone. I would also recommend If On a Winter's Night a Traveler by Italo Calvino. Actually I just love his books, but that one describes my reading experience so well that I absolutely fell in love with it immediately. He wrote some fantastic books with some very out-there premises, and if you like Kundera (I can't spell) you'll like Calvino.