Then just practice mentally letting go of the irritation that comes with hearing her complain. I think I learned it from a brief meditation exercise I did. You basically catch yourself getting annoyed, then  breathe in, breathe out, and mentally stop focusing on it. The amusement might come later, I started finding it funny when I was able to look at my parents (and everyone around me) with compassion. You have to realise, that for her, it is hard on her, and if she has no capacity for empathy or compassion, she probably thinks that it's harder for her than for your father. **That will probably never change.** Repeat that to yourself until you start to accept it. You have to come to peace with it, you're the only one who's getting stressed out in this situation. Your mother certainly isn't stressed out. 


As for your situation with your father, I'm assuming you're helping out, and you and him get to hear her complain? Maybe he finds it annoying too and wants it to stop? In that case, you have to employ a longer term strategy. Either you or anyone else who is close to your mother will have to build up a relationship with her before you tell her to knock it out. The exact strategy will be dependant on what your mother responds to. Shaming by others? Asking her to consider your father's viewpoint? (highly unlikely by the way you've described her) Leverage your relationship? If all else fails, simple dismissiveness might be your last resort. She complains, you go 'I know Mom, but I don't want to hear it anymore'. Repeat till she stops. If she objects, stay calm, do not get angry (practising this beforehand might help). Again, this is a long term strategy, do not try it before you build up some trust with her (validation of her feelings works for this). 

I'm sorry you're going through with this, just a reminder that you need to find self preservation strategies. Stuff that will lower your stress and build up your mental strength. This will probably be a struggle until she dies, don't lose yourself in it. 