Let me start by saying that people tend to understate their role in a conflict and exaggerate the behavior of the others involved (I just threw a little food and he lost his freakin' mind.) I'm sure it wasn't that one-sided, especially were you to ask him. That said, communication, money and children are typically the root of most couples issues and you're swamped in all three, so difficulties are to be expected. 
It appears that he's laying it all on you and you're laying it all on him. you need to find the disconnect between these perceptions. 

My fiance and I have been through counselling (begrudgingly on my part) and it was a really great experiece. You can, and will tell each other in the presence of a "referee" things that you may have difficulty saying to each other personally. The counsellor can help steer the conversation into a positve direction and clear up the misunderstandings that commonly occur. 

I have found that tone plays an important role in setting couple up to fail on the communication front. What you perceive as "asking" may be heard by him as telling/ordering/directing. Statements the appear to be a 'jab' at the other person are common as well. That was certainly part of our problem. We both worked high-stress jobs and came home only to talk to each other like we talked to subordinates and focused on solving each others problems rather than just listening to each other. 

I cannot speak to why he is behaving this way, not can I speak to your role in all of this as your post is one-sided.

I agree with burlow44 in that approaching him with kid gloves is better than trying to force him to go. BPixel has it right as well, you might need to try a few different councellors to find the right one for you.
If he won't go, you go anyway and work on your end rather than spend your time trying to figure out what his problem is. Talk to him positively about your experience in counselling and encourage him to go to a solo session as well if he doesn't want to do the couples version. By encourage, I mean give him the name and number, make the suggestion and leave it at that. 

All you can do is own your role in this. 

Good luck, and I wish you both the best
 