http://humrep.oxfordjournals.org/content/19/7/1548.full

I think I found the article that the author cited as using record from 1670-1829...

"Analyses of couples in which both partners are still living together at 50 years confirmed that fertility rates decline with maternal age, especially when the mother is >35 years, and even among women who have another child after the age range used to calculate the rate and who are thus not yet sterile (Henry, 1961; Henry and Houdaille, 1973)."

And the reference -> Henry L and Houdaille J (1973) Fécondité des mariages dans le quart nord‐ouest de la France de 1670 à 1829. Population 28,875–923.

I guess what they were going for is looking at records before birth control. But there are problems with this because it is a different time period, and just because women weren't using hormonal birth control or methods we know of today, it doesn't mean that they didn't use just form of birth control back then. I do have to also wonder about the women marrying at a later age. Was it their first marriage? Or second? Or third? It wasn't unheard of in the States for people to get remarried (In fact it was relatively common) after a spouse passed on. It was something that made sense financially. And if a woman already has children she might not want more. No idea about the situation in France though. 

Another problem with comparing the past with the present in relation to births is nutrition and lifestyle. I think the author in the article OP posted touches on that as well. But today we are able to eat a more diverse diet than what they probably ate in the 18th century. Also ANTIBIOTICS AND MEDICAL STUFF. I wonder what kind of effect that would have on general health as well, I feel as if good health (and better healthcare) is something that definitely would help with successful pregnancy. (meaning less chance of a miscarriage) 

I definitely ended up writing more than intended. Oh well. It was interesting to read/think about. In the end though, do what is right for you.