My grandpa was diagnosed with Lou Gehrig's disease.  It was a long process watching his body slowly deteriorate and betray him.  The large symptoms came quickly, seeming like he was losing all functioning.  It wasn't until more time passed that we realized just how much more there was to lose.  This is the man who raised me and my siblings and took care of his wife (who had sever dementia) for years.

When it was getting obvious that things were nearing the end, I went to sit and talk with him before going to bed (everyone else had been called and were working out traveling arrangements, most would be getting into town within the following days).  I was yammering on and crying and even I have no idea what I was saying, just trying to have the right thing get said in there somewhere.  He motioned for me to stop, then said (He had lost all reasonable ability to speak shortly after being put on a ventilator, it caused great pain, was nearly impossible to work the muscles to form syllables, impossibly difficult thing for him to speak at this point) "I know, I love you, do good."

That night, the only miracle I've ever witnessed happened.  House was empty, just me and my grandpa.  I was asleep in bed when I hear all the monitoring equipment start going crazy, everything was alerting, no pulse, ventilator had no resistance, I mean it sounded like the ER on shows when they wheel someone in from the ambulance.  I jump up and bolt to his room.  What do I see?  He's laying on his side.  Heart monitor contacts have come off, ventilator tube is pulled out (he had the one surgically set up in the neck, so the tube leading to the ventilator could easily be removed).  He was just laying there, eyes closed with a smile on his face.  I thought he had chosen his way out and made the decision to end it there.  What the medical examiner's report showed (long story about the police thinking it was an assisted suicide in a state where it would not have been legal at all) was that he had actually rolled over in his sleep, the ventilator tube had gotten caught up in the sheets and the heart monitors came off as he shuffled around more.  For those that know what Lou Gehrig's disease is (ALS), or those who research it, this is basically an impossibility at the stage he was at.  I don't know if they thought they were covering for me, or if they really think that happened, or if they were protecting us from knowing he ended it.

Either way, and long story short, it doesn't matter what you say, just go there and say something and they'll know, understand and it will be the right thing.