I am very sorry for your loss. 

I see a lot of people saying they never understood why their loved ones committed suicide. When I was younger, and suffering from an untreated hormone condition, I thought about suicide frequently. I even stepped in front of a car once. So I can answer this question. 

Your loved ones committed suicide because they were in tremendous pain. When someone has terminal cancer, and they are in agony day in and day out, people can understand why they might want to end it. That's a pain that other people can see, can understand, can relate to. People who are depressed are also in tremendous pain every day. But it's an invisible pain - one that is often dismissed, not understood, ignored, or not even noticed. So depressed people often hide it, because explaining your pain to someone else in and of itself can be painful. People say things that are not helpful, and sometimes downright hurtful like, "God has a plan" or "God will only give you what you can bear." Or they'll tell you to consider how much worse off others are. That's like telling someone sitting in the ER with a gunshot wound that they'll be fine, and they have to wait because other people are hurt a lot worse. Medically that may be true, but that doesn't change the reality that you are in the worst pain you have ever been in in your entire life, and you *are not sure you will be fine.* Some people will tell you just to exercise more - and while that can sometimes help the slightly depressed, it is not a cure for major depression. Some people will make you feel guilty, because you may be *depressed for no reason* due to a chemical imbalance. They'll call you a wet blanket, or tell you to count your blessings, or tell you they just can't handle it anymore. (*They just can't handle it?* God think how *I* feel.)

You feel dismissed, so you hide it. 

Suicide happens when the pain you are in is greater than the pain you are able to bear. Sometimes, that spike in pain is temporary, and you can recover from it if you can tough it out. But when you see a lifetime ahead of you of toughing out that kind of pain... sometimes you just don't feel like you have the energy, or that it's even worth it. You just want to be at peace.  

And like the terminal cancer patient in agony every day of their life, you too just want to end it. But no one understands why. 

I am very sorry that your husband felt this way and was unable to get help in time. I am very sorry that you are left behind to pick up the pieces. I hope this helps you understand. Maybe with understanding and time will come peace.

*Edit* Thanks for the gold. 
For those who are asking - I have hypothyroidism. My thyroid gland does not produce enough of the hormones that regulate my mood and metabolism. I take medicine, avoid certain foods, and take vitamin supplements. Initially my medications completely erased my depression. Over time, as I've gotten older my metabolism has shifted and Ive had to adjust my medications - certain symptoms have come back. They are, thankfully, not nearly as bad as they were without medication.

My major symptoms are depression, being cold all the time, gaining weight and constant, profound fatigue. If you think you might have a similar condition go see your general practitioner or an endocrinologist. And now I sound like a commercial for prescription drugs. 
 
