> woman's rights are part of human rights.

  No! No! No!  There are no subsets to human rights!  That is my *entire* point.  To create subsets, by definition, creates discrimination and inequality.  To enumerate some right that applies to a subset, by implication at least, excludes those who are not members of that subset.  This is entirely unacceptable and abhorrent to me.

> A law relating to abortion does not change whether a male-born individual needs to tolerate another organism growing inside of them.

  A law relating to abortion does not say that "only men are permitted to have an abortion"  Again, this is an assumption but, it would appear that you would interpret a prohibition on abortion as an assault exclusively on "womens' rights," by virtue of the fact that only women bear children.  This, if so, is a fallacy.  Those who support prohibition of abortion do so because they believe that the unborn child has a right to live.  They do not advocate such laws as an attempt to 'keep women down' or to harm women.  Their position would not change if men bore children.  That this only affects women's bodies is entirely incidental, and not part of their reasoning.

  So, you think that it's exclusively a woman's right to have an abortion?  Consider the hypothetical that we had the surgical capability to transplant a growing foetus into a man's body, and that 50% of pregnancies were carried this way.  Still think it's a women only issue now?  The fact that in the present day, in present society, with present technology, only women bear children, does not change the underlying principle that it is the right (or not, depending on one's views) of all *humans* to have an abortion.

  For you to prove to me that there is inequality, you would have to prove to me that I am wrong .... that anti-abortionists take such a position with the specific intent of being harmful to women or that they would, in the hypothetical above, allow only men and not women to have abortions.

EDIT: punctuation