Hey, can totally relate to this. 

Had a relationship with a guy. He was everything: loving doting, faithful, funny etc. He also happened to really like me. Despite long distance, we were quickly and brutally falling in love. I started wanting to make it official, a dating relationship where neither of us saw other people. At first long distance was the issue, but soon it came to be that it was more than just that:  He was a firm believer and I was not. 

It was really hard. After the conversations we had together about it, I would have a knot in my stomach. I felt like he wasn't being fair to me, because in order to be with him I'd have to change my belief, whereas I didn't want him to change, belief or no. 

Obviously, when you care about someone this much (as I'm sure you know) it's worth investigating. I talked to local priests at a church nearby and they helped explain the importance of lining up values in a marriage, not just religiously, but financially for example. Together we talked about the central bible verses that guided him on this subject. That was helpful for me too: we talked about how a believer's life is meant to be laid down for God. In marriage, the two should be yolked together like oxen, so they can work together. If one is not heading towards the same goal (ultimately, following Jesus) then the oxen don't really get much plowing done. 

Anyway, from there I started going to a bible study just to explore and try to understand his side of things, because up to then I had never met anybody like him. I only had one religious friend and she acted far from it. He was different in that it guided his life, was important to him and really guides his actions. My friends reacted like most redditors have on here: incredulous, and though very supportive, just could NOT understand from his point of view.

Bible study really helped me understand where he was coming from. I got to ask a ton of questions and get thoughtful and developed answers. In turn, my beliefs DID end up changing, though only after a couple years of intense reading, contemplating, and introspectiveness. This may not be what happens for you, but I really do wish you the best in this situation and relationship. I know it was really trying for me, and although I ended up better for it, the process was still painful. I actually admire that he stuck to his guns and didn't give up the core of who he his and what he cares about. PM me if you want any more perspective, advice, or anything.