When I was really little, I just knew my mom was always there. She was a stay-at-home mom until we were all in school. As I got older, she was really involved in our school and did a lot to help us out. She was our assistant softball coach and on a bowling team with us. She planned pretty cool family vacations, too.

When I got to be a teenager, our relationship fell apart. A lot of it was just because I had a typical, teenage attitude of leave me the F alone, I want to always be with my friends, you don't need to always know what I'm doing, you can't control me, etc. However, a lot of it was her behavior, too. As a teenager, she was a little wild. As one of 9 kids, her parents never knew where she was or what she was doing. She drank a *lot* and was a big partier, from what I gather. She really worried that that's the kind of life I'd lead. She accused me of being on drugs (I wasn't) and all sorts of stuff, but, because I wouldn't open up and talk to her, she'd scream at me and call me awful names. I truly believed I hated her for a few years there. 

As I grew up, it became apparent that I wasn't ruining my life and living as a druggie. She calmed down a lot and let me do my own thing. I went to school, met my now-husband, etc. We were able to get along, and I started to be able to look back and really appreciate all of the work she did for us and how much stress she must have carried trying ot parent three teenagers. 

When I became a mom, things got a little difficult again. She kind of takes over parenting, but she does it by spoiling the kids (like giving them cookies when they're throwing a tantrum or whatever to make them feel better). I don't feel comfortable telling my mom to back off. So, instead, I just feel frustrated with her sometimes, but I still love her and am grateful for all she's done for me. 

So, I guess that's it. I went from just thinking she'd always be there to thinking she was amazing to hating her to thinking of her like a friend to seeing her as human: wonderful, but with her own faults. We all have faults, though, and I don't hate her for hers. I sometimes want to pull my hair out, though ;-)

