I'm going to make a harsh suggestion to you. I realize that you must love your mother an awful lot to have put yourself through this just to get what little love and attention she will give. Cancel your mother's visit. She's toxic for you. She's planted the seeds to a very serious health condition that you need to get professional treatment for. You need some time away from her, away from her grasp, away from the idea that you have to be perfect for her. And please, love, get help. You know this isn't normal and you probably know that you need it. 
Health isn't being thin. Health isn't being the girls in the magazines. Health is not losing as much weight as possible in order to please your mother who's driven you to illness. Health is being able to wake up every day with a body that doesn't ache, that isn't frail and worn, a body that can support itself with the sustenance you give it with no complaints. Health is being able to smile because you're happy with your body in its natural, homeostatic state. 

Recovery will not be easy, not without support, but we're here for you. Recovery will be long. You may relapse. It will go against everything your ED has convinced you to believe. It may cast you out of the favour of your mother forever. But it will be worth it. It will be worth the long, happy life you so deserve. And you have done nothing to deserve the shame of the woman who brought you into this world. You do not have to conform to her ideals. Maybe you know this, maybe your ED tells you that simply isn't true. And maybe you don't know that. But those things are okay. In time, with help, you will learn.

I hope that you choose to begin the long, arduous road to recovery. Your body begs it of you, and you will feel much better in time. You may want to consider even going beyond counselling and just start by going to rehab for ED sufferers. 

Best wishes and best of luck to you, whatever you decide to do. You can do whatever you set your mind to, but only if your body can support you too. 