When I was in 8th or 9th grade, I remember my older sister (11th or 12th grade at the time) crying about how she couldn't have the relationship she wanted with our mother.  My sister was upset that she didn't feel she could confide in her, share secrets, ask about hair, makeup, or clothing, or any of those things that typical sitcom families did.  When she said this to our mother, she was told something like, "That's not the kind of family we are.  We don't talk to each other that way, and we do not have that relationship with one another."

I was pretty young then, so I'm absolutely positive that there was a lot of nuance I didn't pick up on, but I remember that I got the impression that it was because my parents were "Old World" immigrants and we were their first-generation American children.  They had their way of doing things and I believed that they thought of Americans as being too sensitive, impractical, and straight up unrealistic about a lot of things — family relationships was just one of them.

Thinking about it now, I don't know if our mother said what she did because of the way she was raised, because she didn't want to be seen more as a friend than a parent to a 16/17-year-old (who was a really well-behaved kid that stayed out of trouble), because she wasn't prepared to find a way to blend the American sitcom family with the way she was raised, because she just wasn't interested in it, or something else entirely.  

This is definitely an interesting question.  I know my mother and my older sister have done a little traveling together and both of my parents and sister visit with each other every month or two, but I don't know what my mother and sister's relationship is actually like at this point in each of their lives.

Even though your relationship doesn't seem anywhere outside of normal to me, I think that if you're unhappy about it and can't find a way to tell your mother that without her taking it badly, you should consider talking to a family therapist.  They know about people, and they specialize in family dynamics.  Talking it over with one may help provide insight on why your mother acts the way she does, what you can try doing or saying to overcome that disconnect you feel, or how best to handle the hurt or frustration if she doesn't reciprocate.  If it truly doesn't work out with your mother fulfilling the role you'd like her to, perhaps volunteering at a nursing home or rehabilitation facility that handles the patient's transition between post-operative hospital care and release to home would be a good option.  There are plenty of older, sharp-witted folks who would love to have someone to visit and chat with.

I hope things work out for you.  I think it's terrific that you want to have a close relationship with your mom — she's really missing out on something special by keeping her distance.