Let me start by saying I hope this doesn't come off as anti-religion.

My faith, or lack thereof, however you want to word it, is a non-negotiable for me. I've read and explored many faith options, and I just... don't believe. I'm glad others have found comfort in faith, but I don't share it.

I could not compromise that for someone any more than someone who is firm in their faith could just *stop* believing to compromise for me. It's not fair, it could lead to serious resentment, and the world is not so small that we would need to settle for each other when we differ so severely on something so core to our identity and beliefs.

I could not attend church faithfully and frequently without my eyeballs falling out of my head. I could not in good faith raise children into a belief system I don't support, and I would always feel like I was forcing their hand versus letting them explore and discover faith for themselves.

As a point of interest, I'm concerned that it is strictly *on you* to convert rather than on him to explore outside his belief system. I would find this sort of thing unbearable. It's so core, how could someone I love expect me to alter such a fundamental part of myself for them without exploring the same option for themselves? I don't mean parties who differ should just automatically tap themselves out, but they can't lose sight of exactly what they're asking of their partner, and if it's a non-negotiable for them, *that's okay* but it is unfair to pressure you to meet that term. It *is* fair of them to decide what they need in a relationship, and it is fair of you to say, "I can't do/be that, good luck".

It falls under the same umbrella as kids v. no kids for me. I'm not saying one is better than the other in some kind of broad, all-encompassing sense, but either may be better than the other for people on an individual level. And I'm not saying compromise is impossible, it's just a much more severe compromise than say, blue or grey bedsheets or dividing household chores.