I know exactly how this feels. Last summer/spring a really close friend of mine had to deal with her long time SO beginning to show symptoms of  schizophrenia, and not only that but beginning to be very emotionally abusive towards her. I love her so much and I told her many times after incidents happened with him that she needed to begin thinking about herself and her own mental and physical well being instead of his. He tired to convince her that it was just the sickness talking when he said/did hurtful things, and he succeeded for a long time, but I just kept reiterating to her that she needed to focus on herself and not let him manipulate her into staying. We seriously talked about her problems over and over again, for months, without much resolution. At one point he broke up with her and I heaved a sigh of relief, but it still wasn't over. At one point, he spent a month in the psychiatric ward at the hospital, and I thought now it must be over but it still wasn't. Eventually, once he was out of the hospital, heavily medicated, and still being an emotionally abusive asshole, she came around and realized that maybe it wasn't the illness and maybe it was finally time to say goodbye to him.  

Unfortunately there's not much you can do in this situation. You can help by talking to her but really she has to be the one to make the final decision. I don't know how much an intervention, or something like it would help. Like I said, people with severe mental illnesses like this can be SCARY manipulative and even if you did intervene she might go back to him in the end. However, if you are afraid that he might actually physically hurt her then that is the time when you should consider an intervention type scenario. Otherwise, be supportive and blunt (like super blunt, sometimes it just needs to be said) and continue telling her how you feel about her situation. 

When it comes to your wedding though. I would tell her you don't feel comfortable having him there. You shouldn't have to deal with that sort of extra stress on your big day. It's your wedding, and you should be having a good time. If she gets mad, and doesn't understand why, then I guess so be it.   