Hey hey, 28F member of your tribe here. I'm also still figuring it out - probably not ace, but not really sex-driven, either. Boyfriends exist solely in a "well, maybe someday if I change my mind" category. I've had rare crushes and been on a few dates, but it was like participating in some kind of alien anthropological rite - commence the Act of Hand-Holding, let us remain here for several minutes and express our emotional states to one another! Just not my cup of tea.

There is nothing wrong with you - human sexuality is a giant spectrum and encompasses a million different orientations - and you are DEFINITELY not the only one who could have written what you've written here. I've come to realize that we are LEGION (see: http://captainawkward.com/2014/02/07/psa-for-the-shy-sexually-inexperienced-maybe-queer-maybe-bi-maybe-asexual-ladies-who-send-me-letters-about-finding-someone-to-snuggle-andor-date/#comments), probably a good 1-2% of the population, and the only reason we don't know it is because the other 98-99% suspects us of being damaged in some way, and so we're too embarrassed to step into the light and openly identify ourselves. It's a side effect of existing in an age that actively discusses and encourages sexuality - the Victorians would have understood and accepted the introverted spinster but not the boy-crazy 16-year-old. So long as no harm is caused, nobody should be made to feel ashamed about acting according to their unique wiring. Just keep being you and keep all possibilities open. You might find that the wiring has changed one day, and want to revise your life path based on those new impulses. Then again, you might not. 

Oh, and pro tip from someone who's Been There, since you specifically noted that social interaction is an area with which you struggle: Start reading advice columns, as many as you can find. Google for them, find somebody whose advice speaks to you, and then go through years of archives and read 'em all over the course of the next few months. (A few starter recommendations: Carolyn Hax, Dear Sugar, Captain Awkward, and of course, classic Dear Abby and Ann Landers). Those did more than anything else to help me master the basics of social interaction that I just wasn't grasping - they'll teach you the basics of making conversation, what to say to people in certain circumstances, and WHY people say the things they say. Advice columns, when taken in bulk, are like finding the cheat codes to navigating your way through small talk and Serious Discussions. Some of the individual columns get a situation horribly wrong, but in time, you'll see the "correct" patterns develop and recognize them in your daily life.