Yay!!! you did it! You left and got yourself to a safe place.  And you called the police to report this crime of domestic assault. You set up your own new bank account.   I.am.so.glad. I have been thinking about you.

Now every day, it will get better. 

I don't think you need to cut yourself off from your Mom and your brother unless you want to or you feel that contact with them compromises your safety.  If being in touch with them eventually feels comforting to you on some level (however flawed) that might be right for later on. If you don't want to hear from then now, good for you for just refusing their calls.  Trust your instincts to protect yourself. don't divulge your location. But you don't have to imagine "forever." 

I agree with the others who suggest that you bring a male friend or 2 when you go back to get your things.   

And start to think about makings your own brighter future.  LSAT studies-- you can make that happen.  You are strong and you know how to focus.

Self care-- exercise, good nutrition, getting enough sleep, spend time with people who know your circumstances and care for you.  That's more important than usual right now.

Keep making those steps in the right direction: your own apartment, securing your income stream  (need a new job since you were working with your dad? ) explore law school scholarships as you mentioned above... It's all good. You're doing great.

And consider making some time each day to enhance your mental well being.  Maybe write in a journal (have you heard about gratitude journals?) You could take up meditation for even just 10 minutes a day.  Start a habit of daily deliberate self-talk about how capable and strong you are and how you are going to create a successful life on your own. Spend time with a friend who has a pet.  Get outside when the weather is good.  Listen to your favorite music. 

 Consider cognitive therapy to interrupt yourself when you go down that path of worrying that you caused your dad's outrageous behavior, or your mom is now a target because of what you did.  You know it's not true and yet you allow yourself to think that way (understandably) but dwelling on that thinking is not good for you. When those thoughts pop into your head imagine a loud voice calling out "stop it," and get your thought train back on track. 

You have much to be proud of.  You have your whole life ahead.  You go, girl!!
