If you have never made a wedding cake before, my best advice is to make it twice. Make one months in advance just to see how it fits together and practice your decorating. With boxed mix it wont cost that much anyway and you can freeze it or donate it. There is a lot of structure for tall cakes and you may need to buy some plastic supports if you want over two tiers. You *can* make your own supports but it may take a few tries. A glue gun, some clean wood dowels and plastic ( not paper) plates. Cut the outside ring off the plates to get a flat round and glue dowels. This is harder than it sounds.

And yes, nearly all wedding dresses need some tailoring. Especially if you buy a used dress, it will mean the difference between a dress that looks okay and one you are in love with. Take a friend to help try on and pick out the dress. They can stand behind you and hold the back. When you get fitted or pick out a dress from a dress shop they use metal clips like clothes pins to show what it looks like when fitted properly. Another dress tip, one with a zipper in the back is much easier to alter than one with a side zipper. This is because sides are the places easiest to take up some slack in to get the shape right and side zippers sometimes need to be taken out and moved to get it lined up. Anything with beading, sequins or gemstones in the spot to be fixed will cost a little extra. It is well worth it to get the dress fitted properly though.  It is also worth it to get a dress with straps of some kind, strapless dresses rely on being tight to hold them in place and if you get it altered a few months before and gain or lose even a few pounds it may be too loose or too tight when you wear it.  It is well worth the money to pay a pro to fit it for you.  I forgot this one too, also get the bra/ corset bra you want to have before you get the dress and wear it at every fitting. If you need it adjusted the tailor can do that too. It makes a big difference in being able to fit the dress as opposed to wearing a daily comfortable bra.

Dont worry about 'being behind' until you set a date. 

Clothes, guest list, venue, food ( including serving dishes and seating and tables), transportation, decorations. Make a list in that order and add or remove until it is final before you do the next step.  The longer you take to plan and prepare the less you will have to spend. Start next week and you have plenty of time to get everything ready for a fall wedding.   


And a lot of people say to not tell people that you are having a wedding to get cheaper rates. Dont do this. You may have a pissed off v
enue that wants more money before they let guests in the door, or a flower shop that will know and charge you anyway for flowers.  They know what a bridal bouquet looks like and you wont be fooling anyone. Anything you buy and pick up before is fine but anyone who will show up and bring something is going to be angry.  You will also get a better standard of service than if a vendor thinks you are having say an office party. Just be polite and laid back and know what you want. Nothing makes a wedding cost more than an indecisive bridezilla who demands perfection. 

 