Nutrition stuff never made sense to me. I've had nutrition classes every year since the 6th grade and I never truly understood it until late high school - when I actually cared about nutrition and weight and how weightloss/gain works. I saw it as a hassle and I didn't give a flying F about it. I love science though and I always got As. I just didn't care about how to calculate calories and etc. It was too complicated and dense for me. 
Why don't you ask your girls then write down some ideas. Go home and then pick out a few? That's what my high school adv chem teacher did for us. She set some guidelines and then asked us what we were curious about. Some examples were: what is the easiest way to get gum off the tables and floor? why does certain types of canned soda float and others do not? how is perfume made? is there a nutritional difference between the different kinds of chocolate?

You can even set nutrition and body image as a guideline and let them ask their "burning questions". I mean they're 11-13 years old, neuropsych as someone else has suggested might be a bit too advanced for them but you don't have to teach them the whole story - just the important parts and let college fill in the rest.

But really, ask them. Ask what they're curious about or what is important to them. What we think we wanted to know maybe different now. They might be more interested in things like how aerogels work. Or if adding salt to water actually makes it boil faster. Things that you can easily demonstrate (which makes learning science so fun) and teach to your students. They'll love the ability to direct their own learning, and you'll get a feel for what 11-13 year olds are curious about. 

I wrote a high school "thesis" on ice physics. I was so obsessively interested in it so I researched it for my senior (individual) project. It's so interesting. The wow factor is that you can get a block of ice, and slide a wire/string/whatever right through it without the ice melting. Try it yourself! Just get wire, place it on the ice like you're cutting the ice in half with it and apply constant pressure for a few minutes and watch it go through. XD!
