This is a perfect example of this subreddit being too quick to reject dissenting opinions.

In our society we're often quick to ask what victims could have done better, that isn't just a rape thing. If a man is involved in a bar brawl which he did not instigate, many will question his judgement anyway. If a tourist is mugged in a dangerous part of town, many will question their poor judgement for being out in a potentially dangerous area of a city they're unfamiliar with. There are dozens of examples like this.

There's nothing inherently wrong with advocating better choices. If I had a daughter and she was raped that would be a nightmare, and I would want the rapist prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. However, people need to be wary of their choices and the situation they put themselves in. It's not there fault, they aren't asking for trouble. But recognizing what could have been done to prevent what happened (and what can be done in the future) doesn't merit hate and vitriol. 

A negative response to anything that isn't popular opinion only serves to reinforce a misplaced negative opinion of the subreddit. 

**Edit:** Yes, I agree that telling someone what could have been done differently isn’t the best kind of input. I don’t think there’s anything wrong with it, but I understand why some have a problem with it. Personally, I think it’s important to always be mindful of the situations you put yourself in, more so than what anyone around you is doing. They’re advantages to a constant and consistent message of what individuals can do to protect themselves, because no one will do it for them. That’s more so where I was coming from.

I didn’t know this subreddit existed until a short time ago. I’ve seen some thoughtful and interesting discussion, I’ve also seen crazy comments that make my head hurt from both trolls and what I surmise are the usuals. Either way, from the outside looking in, anything that doesn’t jive with popular opinion doesn’t seem to be received well. Even my post, which I don't find to be antagonistic.  