My best advice for keeping wedding costs down is eliminate expenses that aren't important to you.  A marriage license and officiant only cost a few hundred dollars (less if you have a friend who can officiate), everything else in a wedding is optional.  Choose what aspects of the wedding are important to you, and don't spend money on things you don't care about.

The reason that weddings get so expensive is that people get caught up in getting all of the standard wedding "fluff" - flowers and photographers and centrepieces and chaircovers and tiered cakes and pro makeup and cake knives and toasting glasses and favours and embossed invitations. You'll feel pressured by the wedding industry and well-meaning family and friends to spend money on things that you never even thought of.  If you choose to have a reception with a DJ, the DJ companies will insist that your ceremony just won't be RIGHT without music and your dancefloor will be sad without lights and a bubble machine.  Your friend will chatter excitedly about how a photo-booth made her cousin's wedding SO MUCH BETTER.  Your sister-in-law will pointedly ask whether you've reserved the limo you didn't even know you wanted yet.  Some of these things may be things you want - there's nothing wrong with limos or photobooths or a bubble machine.  However, they're also not required for a good wedding, if they're something you don't care about.  Don't feel pressured to spend money on things you don't care about.

At my wedding, for example, we splurged on gourmet food,  but wore non-traditional clothing, got a cheap venue and printed our own invitations.  We got friends to act as photographer, cake baker and coordinator.  We brewed our own mead and cider to save on the bar tab.  We had fresh potted herbs as centrepieces and people took them home as favours, and we have very few other decorations.  We didn't have a limo or pro hair/makeup or flowers or chair covers.  We got rings made of damascus steel instead of more expensive metals.  

In the end, we spent ~$8000 on our wedding (for 70 guests).  Not cheap for a party, but quite cheap compared to the average wedding. We weren't tight for money, but we could easily have spent less by renting just a sound system instead of an all-day DJ (saving $500+), cutting out  passed appetisers in the afternoon ($600), trimming the guestlist further, etc.  Weddings don't need to be the expensive productions they often are.