First, try to find someone to talk to about what you're going through. Your mom's doctor might be able to recommend a group for people with diabetic parents, or for adult children who are primary caregivers. And depending on the size of the city you live in, and what they offer, you might be able to find some affordable therapy/counseling. The city I live in offers counseling that's based on your income.

Second, it's totally okay to be/feel mad or angry at your mom. Those are your feelings. But, her decisions do not define your happiness. I was angry at my dad for giving himself cancer from smoking, but ultimately, I learned that my happiness was my responsibility and I couldn't let his decision to keep puffing ruin my day. Forgiving yourself for feeling these feelings will go a long way, because like I said before, it's totally okay to feel feelings, even those of anger towards your mother.

If you are looking for healthier meals, /r/eatcheapandhealthy and /r/plantbaseddiet are great subs. I like to use the [Harvard Healthy Plate](http://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource/healthy-eating-plate/) for meal planning. Frozen vegetables are easy and pretty affordable, and don't be afraid to try new things. If there's one near you, go to a farmer's market and buy one, new fruit or vegetable. Ask the farmer how they prefer it cooked, and go home and try it. 

Lastly, it seems like you like to work out, which is good, so you might want to think about joining a club team. It will be a good way for you to meet people your age and socialize, blow off some steam in a healthy way, and do something fun that's also good for you. Some clubs/teams are really  and others are more laid back, so hopefully you can find something you like.

Hope this helps. You can PM me with any questions about making meal plans, recommended food blogs, etc. Eating and cooking should be fun and tasty and not give you health problems. And remember - the feelings you feel are legitimate, and it's okay that you feel them.