Coming from someone who's had a lot of issues with their step mum trying to force her way into my life by trying to take the place of my mum (who I lived with full time), I really think that the role a step-parent plays in a child's life can only be decided by the child. She's young but 10 is definitely old enough to start to realise what you need from your family - any attempt of yours to try to act as a family unit when she already has a mother she loves and who is being excluded from that family will be difficult for her to accept. Remember her family unit was always her mother and father, for the majority of her life - that's not something you can change quickly, if ever.

I wish my step-mother had tried less to be a mother-figure and put less emphasis on us being a 'family' when my real family had been torn apart by my parents divorcing. I wish she'd tried to be more like an aunt or a family friend, someone to stick up for me and give me unconditional support rather than force out my mother and pretend I didn't have a life before she married my dad (for context, I was 6 when my parents divorced and 8 when my dad remarried). And I knew these things from the moment she moved in with him and created her 'family' out of nothing from the ashes of my family.

Tread carefully with her, and don't force her to be close to you until she's ready - pushing yourself on her will just make it take longer. 3 years is not a long time to adjust to such a fundamental change in her life. I hope this doesn't offend you and isn't out of line, but you have to remember they are *not* your children; but it sounds like you already love them a lot so I'm sure they will grow to love you, they just might not realise it for a few years yet (this seems to be a common theme with teenager-parent dynamics in general).

As for the Oedipus complex thing, sure that's one theory for it - another theory might be that she's traumatised by the divorce of her parents and resents you for being a symbol of her family collapsing around her. Just a thought.