A domestic violence shelter might be able to help you when you're ready to leave, as they have experience with getting people out of dangerous situations. 

DISCLAIMER: I am not a professional. I'm taking this from what I've learned in my research about domestic violence, and my own (though not as extreme) experiences with a shitty dad. Your best course of action is probably to contact a counselor or shelter and work out a plan with them.

Until you're ready, my advice would be to *very slowly* gather the things you don't want to leave behind- important documents like your school transcripts and financial papers, and sentimental things that you won't be able to retrieve after leaving. Don't do it all at once, though (too noticeable), and only take the essentials, i.e. anything irreplaceable. If you can, rent storage space and burn the receipts; if not, leave your things with a friend or professional your family doesn't know about. Do this knowing that whatever and whoever you leave behind, you can't go back. 

Do not tell anyone your plan unless they are helping you execute it. If your dad wants to find you, he'll go to family members and close friends first to try to bully them into telling him where you are. If possible, wait until you turn 18 so that counselors/teachers/doctors/etc aren't obligated to share your information with him. (IMPORTANT: state laws and policies vary, so if you're 18 but still in high school, they may still be able to give him your info.)

Do your best not to leave any records. Call shelters or people helping you from a public phone, maybe one at school. Buy anything you need with cash. If he has access to your accounts, don't withdraw large amounts of money until right before you leave so he doesn't get suspicious. Take care of any loose ends- put your car title, financial information, etc in your name if at all possible. Get yourself as legally and financially disconnected from him as you can, or he will use it to control you. (I learned this the hard way.)

Most importantly, do whatever you need to do to survive until you can get out. Smile and nod, agree, don't ruffle feathers. Don't mention leaving or do anything to make him or anyone else in the house suspicious. That part sucks- I know how hard it is to just swallow whatever abuse he throws at you. But in the end, that will help you get away.

There's a lot of great advice in this thread, but I wanted to answer you specifically because your situation sounds especially dangerous. If you need someone to talk to, you can PM me. Professional counselors and domestic violence workers will have the best resources to help you, but even if you can't take any action right now, you can start strategizing. I know it might seen like an impossible situation, but there are people out there who can help you.

Edit: I didn't mention going to the police because that doesn't guarantee your safety. Concentrate first on getting out of harms' way, and then you can consider legal action. If he's threatening or abusing anyone else, you will be more helpful to them once you've left than you would be while still living with him.