OK, first off, good for you for wanting to take care of yourself! But don't let your "Before" body get you down.

Here are two links that my friends have found useful.

This is for your [BMR](http://www.bmi-calculator.net/bmr-calculator/harris-benedict-equation/) BMR is what my trainer pushes more than the BMI

BMR tells you how many calories your body needs to work.

This is for some basic [nutritional guidelines](http://www.cscc.edu/campus-life/pdf/Nutritional%20Guidelines%20for%20Female%20Athletes.pdf) that should help.

Also, consider (if you have the funds) getting a pedometer of some sort. I personally have a Fitbit flex. It buzzes when I reach 10,000 steps (which determines an "active" lifestyle) and has a really great interface. It also makes me more accountable to myself.

As for the office job, find out if there's a park near-by or, if you're in a business complex, some paths. Take a walk or two each day. Nothing fancy, just get out and walk. It'll reinvigorate you, help you get to 10,000 steps, and keep you going.

Your joints may hurt from all the walking (because 10,000 steps is roughly five miles EVERY DAY). Continuing to walk DOES help (most of the time) with joint pain. Losing weight is going to suck, so TRY TRY TRY to keep a positive outlook so you don't get forced into quitting by negative things.

Look at the vitamins you're getting. Also, if you have the funds and/or health insurance, think about getting tested for food allergies. Contrary to popular belief, food allergies isn't a Yes/No issue. You could be sensitive to certain foods that would cause your body to have issues breaking it down properly. (I'm going to get this done as soon as I have the cash monies.)

Talk to a dietician, if you can (see aforementioned monies and health insurance thing). DO NOT DO CRAZY STARVATION DIETS. They are so super bad for you. I will be doing the Personal trainer meals (because I was stupid and didn't read up on it) and it IS a starvation diet. I'm tweaking it but it's still going to be stupid. 

Have a support group. You can always talk to me (I am not a "big girl" but I have close friends who wish their bodies were a little different.) and I will help as much as I can. PS: I hear Reddit is really good about cheering up and motivating! ;)

DON'T LET THIS GET YOU DOWN. Sometimes when you realize how far away your goal is, you might want to give up. It's NOT hopeless. YOU are NOT hopeless. YOU GO GIRL!