I'm your age and have 3 teenagers - I do not have anyone else to help me. It's HARD. Really hard. It sucks so much sometimes, I can't even explain. It's absolutely worth it because they would be in an awful situation without me, but it is NOT an easy undertaking. One of them had residential treatment after our mom died and it helped immensely - I highly recommend you and your dad do whatever you can to get her in. 

That said, how terrible is your father really? It sounds like she was willingly living with him up until now, and while he's certainly not winning father of the year here, it IS trying. It sounds like he genuinely cares for her and wants to help, but has a poor/no support system for himself. If he lost his job he I would think he would now qualify more for financial assistance. Can she get on state healthcare? Do the research, make the calls, be an advocate for her. 

Obviously there are many details you didn't cover, but based on what you've said, here's what I would do: Depending on what financially, logistically, and in your sisters best interests, either move to where your dad is, or have him move to where you are. It sounds like he would be cooperative in anything that would make his life easier. Don't let him get out of caring for her, but do everything you can to be his support system. Take her on weekends, take her to appointments, help out financially where you can, teach her to drive, etc. Be that second parent, but don't let him give up his responsibilities unless you absolutely have to. Talk to an attorney and get the paperwork for giving you limited guardianship rights (depends on your state, could be called "power of attorney". Check out resources on "kinship caregivers" like this - https://www.childwelfare.gov/pubs/f_kinshi/ , or google it with your state. I make decent money, but it doesn't count to the state, so I am getting benefits for the kids, and child support from our father. Check out low cost and pro bono legal help. If social services is already involved, have a meeting with them and your father, hash out your best options. 

Ideally he could have a separate place that is very close to yours, but if necessary get a place large enough for both of them. This could help with finances as they may count as your dependents. 

If you do have to take her 100%, make sure you get legal guardianship and go through the state system so you can get the financial and emotion resources you need. Consider your own mental health, get a therapist for yourself as well. If you have other relatives available, live close to them so they can help out when necessary. Be prepared to have to present legal guardianship paperwork everywhere, and have people not respect you like a parent because you're so much younger than other parents of teenagers. Consider what your sister wants. Do you have a partner, if so what involvement do they want?

Feel free to PM me and I'm happy to talk a bit more. 