It isn't really *that* bad being a woman, and let's be honest, we all have problems. Yeah, it sucks when you get catcalled or when someone acts like you have nothing to contribute to a conversation about cars/football/home repairs/science and technology/beer/whatever. But the way to make it so she's prepared for it and she doesn't feel crushed when it happens is to make sure she learns everything you would also teach a boy. 

When my dad did home repairs or yard work or whatever, he made me and my brother come along if it was age-appropriate, so I learned to use a screwdriver around your daughter's age and I learned to use a hammer a few years later when I had a little more coordination, and around age 10 I used a power drill, and it continued like that. When I learned to drive, he made me rotate the tires myself and he made me pump up a flat with a bicycle pump. He made sure I knew how to use the owner's manual to do some basic repairs, and how to read other repair instructions. 

That all sounds unrelated to my self esteem and issues with people being sexist assholes, but it gave me actual skills that I could rely on and that made me feel accomplished and self-sufficient. I didn't feel like I needed others' approval, at least not as much as some of my friends, because if push came to shove, I knew what I was doing and I could handle things like cars breaking down and things breaking and minor repairs. I didn't need a boy or a man around to do it for me. You say you worry about her feeling like she needs men because of the example her mother is setting, and that's valid. I think the way to combat that is to give her all the skills that some women think they need men for. If she complains about things like "That's for boys," it's a great teaching opportunity because you can say that there aren't jobs for boys and jobs for girls, there are jobs that people should be able to do to take care of themselves.

As for physical problems, when she gets a little closer to puberty, I highly recommend The Care and Keeping of You, which is about puberty and what's normal and gives her the answers to every question she'll have. Get her the Gardasil vaccine to prevent HPV infection which is what causes most cervical cancer to help her avoid ever having her vagina try to kill her. If you aren't comfortable talking to her about what is and isn't normal, talk to her mother about how you want to handle these things and make sure you're on the same page if you want to let her handle that aspect of life. When she's getting closer to puberty, pick up some pads and tampons (or have her mother pick some up if the decision between brands is overwhelming) and put them in your bathroom. Let her know they're there if she needs them so she doesn't have to ask. And make sure someone covers the difference between acceptable period problems (mild cramps, bloating, fatigue, a little moodiness especially when she's young, etc) and ones where she should talk to a doctor (vomiting, feeling suicidal, too tired to get out of bed, going through an overnight pad in a matter of hours, periods lasting weeks, etc) because too many women think those are "normal" and are miserable every month.

Mostly though, just loving her and making sure she knows you love her is the most important thing. With a supportive family, most women do ok. Like anyone else, we have bad days and angry days and bad experiences here and there, but with loving family around to support us, we grow up and do alright.