> Sure, much of it was created by the patriarchy -- a cultural phenomenon dominated and mostly directed by men -- but it's definitely privilege.

Can you define what you think patriarchy is, because Im not sure its going to be consistent what I think it is.

> What I don't understand, is how you appear to be intentionally ignoring evidence of male privilege in our society

I have yet to ignore any evidence that you have given me that would indicate men were privileged over women.  This last round youve given me some anecdotal evidence of how terrible male privilege is and what women have to worry about because they dont have it.  Ive given you actual social measures, incarceration rates, life expectancy, hell even quality of life indexes, graduation rates, all of these things are all in women's favor.  Are you saying its male privilege to die sooner, be more likely to be incarcerated, be less likely to graduate, be more likely to die on the workplace, etc and on and so forth but all of that is peanuts because your friend may have to use a fucking alias on the internet?   IS THERE ANY SOCIETAL INDEX THAT YOU CAN PROVIDE THAT SHOWS THAT MALES AS A WHOLE ARE DOING BETTER THAN WOMEN AS A WHOLE?

> There are courts in your country seriously considering the appropriateness of forcing medical procedures on women against their will. In 2014, a "first-world" nation is doing stuff we typically associate with dictatorships and failed states... but it's ok because it's just being done to women.

If you can quote me where I said it was ok to force women to have abortions I will take it back.  If you can not find such a quote then you should likewise take this back.

> You really have to let go of this term. It's horrible and it offers you nothing. Abortion rights have nothing to do with reproduction, or a man's "choice" in the matter. It's about bodily autonomy. The state can't force you to donate a kidney, no matter how much someone else might need it. It's your body, your choice.

Abortion has nothing to do with choosing to be a parent or not?  ok....Reproductive choice is horrible but "parasite" is fantastic?  ok.....(its not related but Im curious about your opinion, do you think a pregnant woman should be allowed to drink as much alcohol, or smoke as many cigarettes, or imbibe whatever she wishes into her body completely irrespective of the resulting life long debilitation that her baby once born will suffer?  I honestly dont have an answer to the question but Im curious to your opinion.)  Can the state incarcerate my body if I refuse to finance the choice of another?  Is that a limit on my own personal autonomy?  Are they then related?

> MRAs have a well-earned reputation for ridiculous arguments like suggesting that all women vote as a block. It doesn't do them any favours.

Does a certain group also have a well-earned reputation for their fast and loose use of statistics?  Maybe we'll hear about the wage gap again.  These are called ad-hominem attacks and it has shit-all to do with anything.

> This does not mean that women weren't singled out for special treatment.

Were men singled out as well in the past?  Are men not the disposable gender?  Are you claiming that women's lot of NOT being disposable was really so much worse?

> Women banned from ever setting foot there because they're unclean creatures who will tempt otherwise holy men to deviate from their path toward "God".

Im not trying to undermine your point about this peninsula but I really dont know enough about greek orthodox.  They make up less than like half a percent of the kooks in my country.  I honestly have no stake in their peninsula and could not care less if you went there or did not go there.  Ill accept your assertion that they view women as vile because I really have no basis to refute it.  As for your larger point about christianity, it is sexist.  Of the three religions formed in the desert hellhole on the far side of the planet I dont think any of them are very fond of women.  The peoples that are there today are not forward thinking with women.  However, it is not just women that suffer at the hands of religion.  Circumcision is basically a religuous tradition.  It was brought back into favor in this country (as opposed to Europe) strictly to curb male sexuality.  If youre talking about the evils that religion can wrought, youre preaching to the choir.

> Throughout history and in the present, religious and state institutions have worked to maintain the role of women as secondary to men.

This is too bold a claim even if I accept that the religions of christianity. judaism and islam push gender roles and of those the wife is subservient to the husband.  Even in the time of Christ, rome was a fairly egalitarian society as was ancient egypt.  With their respective class systems women were educated, held offices, were emporers, etc.  The displaced peoples of northern europe had their own rich and vibrant mythology and they were fairly egalitarian.  I think it was likewise in britain and all the domains of the "barbarians".  By the time religion becomes a prominent force I think the feudal system was too large a force for people's gender roles (many of which they clung to as acts of self-preservation) to even make the list of things constraining their freedom.  This is to say nothing of the continents of the New world (many of which were not only egalitarian but some, such as those along the Mississippi, actually matriarchal).  To this day these religions have not made significant impact into the East and to be fair I am not familiar enough with eastern history to know if their political and religious systems were designed to promulgate your point.

> Job Security

It was feminists that advocated for the Tender Years Doctrine.  I feel like as a man Im forced to accept that ultimate reproductive choice will remain the purvey of a woman because of biological determinism, is this not the cost of that?  Is the assumption that if someone gets pregnant and will take time from work, that someone will be a woman not an accurate one?   Im not saying its right and Im not saying I agree....Im just curious what you would have them do?  

> save for political moves to recognise a woman's status as that of one equal to a man's (like bodily autonomy)

This is a cheap shot.  Again in my country and most likely in yours, women have bodily autonomy.  It is men who do not.

> You can however point out that they're regularly under-represented in public office, and when they do dare to move into the spotlight, they have to deal with the handicap of being asked questions at every turn like "What about your family?" while simultaneously being mocked as a nag, crone, or slut -- depending on their age demographic. Men manage to enjoy running for political office rarely if ever being asked any such questions. The default assumption is that someone is taking care of their family (read: someone-not-male), that age == wisdom, and youth == fresh ideas.

Are pundits asking these questions to assuage male or female voters?  Ive always been told the adage "when women run, women win"  In fact, [this study](http://journals.cambridge.org/action/displayAbstract?fromPage=online&aid=6129368) did not find women suffering from any gender stereotype and actually that women were viewed more positively than men senators.  Now what other phenomenon shows a general trend to ascribe to women more positive traits and men more negative ones?  Its almost like it keeps cropping up in politics, juris-prudence sentencing, support programs, custody, etc....much like you expect male privilege (except for women).

> My favourite example of male privilege in culture is this video where a reporter questions Robert Downey Jr regarding character development in his Iron Man movies, and then in the very next breath asks Scarlett Johansson about dieting tips.

Is a man's attractiveness and social power keyed to his achievements and ambition?  Are a woman's keyed to her physical attractiveness?  TO the extent this is social, then yes this a difference. Women are born valuable, men are born worthless until they prove themselves valuable.  BOth are shitty.

> It's not just movies, it's television, books, even plays from the 1600s. Few are the stories that feature central female roles, fewer still are the stories of women who perform in roles we have come to expect from men (heroes, leaders, villains).

I actually agree with you here.  It is male privilege to be the gender that was not enslaved by biology.  What would a play from the 1600's show a woman doing?  This is the time before birth control.  There was no way to prevent pregnancy.  Once pregnant a woman would have to depend on a man to provide for her, being mostly unable to work.  So she would either have to be very young or some kind of outlier.  Women have only been free from this for about half a century or so, so I agree this facet of culture has not caught up with the way we live our lives today.

>  but rather it's a statement about how rape is used culturally as a weapon to illicit fear and obedience from women.

So like making jokes about men going to prison and being raped?  Either rape culture doesnt exist or it affects men and women both.  You arent going to gain ground on this front.  I know too much about feminism's work with rape definitions and statistical malaise.

(my apologies I had to break this up)