Even if things are done tastefully, you're still going to have to follow rules. I don't know what your school is like, or what rules are in place. I know back when I was in middle and high school though we couldn't just put up posters if we felt like it, anything that anyone wanted to be posted had to be approved by administration, and then we were told where things were allowed to be posted (on a bulletin board, or teacher's door with their permission, not covering other postings, only for 2 weeks etc etc). You might have to jump through hoops like that, and it's quite possible you wouldn't get permission, on the grounds that it's disruptive or something else. That reality can really suck, but it's something they have the power to do, and frankly there isn't much you all can do to change it.

The petitions could also be deemed problematic, based on my memory of school rules. Most likely they were deemed a "distraction" which is probably a valid point if they were being passed around in class, that is pretty close to the same as passing notes, which I would guess isn't allowed. Even if it was just in the cafeteria, I'm sure the administration can come up with something that permits taking them away.

Going forward, you all just need to be careful about how you spread your message, and figure out what your goals are. Maybe work together (and possibly in tandem with some older people) to write an editorial for a local newspaper, or try to get a conversation started on local news. It all depends on what you want. If you want major changes that's going to take time, likely a few years. If you want some minor tweaks, or a little more consistency, that might be able to happen in a couple weeks.

Someone else mentioned parents calling, this is probably the best course for change. Taxpayers are paying for the schools and thus have a bigger voice, since none of you are likely paying taxes (or voting) your voices really don't count for anywhere near as much, it is easy for people to dismiss you all (rightfully or not) as discontent children, it isn't as easy to do that about 100 adults calling the school.

Another important thing to consider is where the dress code is set. Obviously, the staff at your school is enforcing it but they may not have any power to change it by themselves. When I was in school all our dress codes were set by the school board (over all the schools in the county), if you actually want changes in the dress code make sure you're appealing to the right people, it may not be the school administration, it might be the overseeing school board.

Best of luck on your efforts!  