I was also cheated on (also through much of his PhD, though not 7 years). It really sucked. It rocks your whole world. You feel stupid, used, abused, scared, angry, and lonely in ways words can't describe. It's a completely final and abrupt slamming of a door that can never open again. It's almost like mourning a death, in a way, because someone you loved dearly is gone forever, but you're left grappling with the fact that that person never really existed. Not in the way you thought they did.

You are stronger than you know. This is a stupid test of your strength that you don't deserve, but you'll come out of this knowing that you have the ability to be thrust into a situation like this and come out the other side. It takes time, but you'll get there.

It's really nice to hear the motivational stuff about meeting the right person, but one thing I really had to come to grips with was that I shouldn't worry about finding a new relationship at all. The independence I gained when I moved on from that horrible relationship was so amazing. I didn't need to find anyone new to make myself happy; happiness is something I had to carve for myself out of this ridiculous world we live in. A person to share that with is great, but having the inner strength to know I was going to be okay without that is extremely powerful. Just being okay with myself was so freeing. 

I took the months after that relationship ended to turn my focus inward and find what I needed to tick. I'd say the immediate aftermath was probably the loneliest I've ever felt, but I hit a point where I really relished my independence. I took every opportunity to travel, and all the trips were alone. I pursued hobbies and interests. Read a lot. Got a pet. At some point I realized I was alone but not lonely, and it was really, really peaceful. I'm extremely grateful for that time.

Of course, this cliche wouldn't be complete if I didn't tell you that I ended up meeting the perfect guy. It's been three and a half years of bliss. I never would have imagined a relationship could be so good. I wouldn't have found it if I hadn't taken time to focus on myself, though.
