This article really opened my eyes, I grew up in a very sex-positive household and my school was also very sex-positive. I knew that Abstinence only education existed and that sex-negative language was often used to teach kids about sex. I have even witnessed very sex-negative (in particular negativity toward female sexual pleasure) attitudes among the medical industry with Doctors I sought to help me improve my sex life. But I had no idea that the "Sex is for procreation only" mentality was so pandemic. 

It makes me sad, Do the parents and teachers not enjoy sex themselves so they pass on those negative experiences? or do they really not trust their children enough to use their knowledge to make informed choices.

My Mother and Grandmother weren't quite as liberal as Alice Dreger is. Both my mother and grandmother suffered endometriosis, vaginsmus and other issues that made sex painful for them, so while they passed on amazing knowledge of how sex and intimacy works, I never received first-hand accounts of how good sex can feel. My grandmother was a midwife so the mechanics of sex, reproduction, menstruation etc were all explained in enough detail that I too could probably pass the nursing exams before I was 8 yaers old.

A lot of that has changed now that I am older, I also experienced a lot of pelvic issues, but was perfectly placed to have them seen to and find treatments, I helped my mother get treatments and her case was much more straight forward and she had an almost immediate recovery. My relationship with my mother regarding sex is unique and many people consider it disgusting and unnatural, but for us it feels healthy. We have gone shopping for sex toys together (we've even taken my grandma shopping for sex toys) and mum talks about the men she's with and how her orgasms felt after her cervix was removed compared to before. She has driven me to appointments to help my pelvic issues and come in with me to stick up for me with misogynistic doctors who think that its ok for a woman to be in pain during sex because its the potential pregnancy that matters.

I was always told that sex is something you do with love and with kindness and with respect. that it is a gift you give and receive and for that reason its best when its wanted. And that was enough to make me wait for the right person, I didn't need to be fearful of sex, I needed to be excited for what sex could be if I did it right.