I'm a stay-at-home SINGLE mom!! :D  

You are probably asking yourself "How the heck does that even work?!"  Well, let me tell you!  First of all, I'm also going to school.  So, yes, I do get out of the house from time to time, but only during my daughter's school hours, and definitely not every day of the week.  Next semester my on-campus classes will only take up 2 hours of time twice a week.  The rest of my classes are taken online, which allows me to do the work after my daughter goes to bed at night, or during my free time while she is at school.  "But how can you afford school supplies, groceries, AND bills?!" you are undoubtedly wondering!  Simple!  I live on a strict budget, and I work online (also doing some transcription work, and other odds and ends through mturk and similar websites) during school hours to bring in more income.  

But that doesn't really answer the heart of your question here… See, you asked what we stay-at-home folks do to feel valuable, but that isn't what you really need to know.  The fact is that no matter WHAT you do, it will not change how you feel about yourself.  You are already doing a lot of stuff!  You go to school, you pay your own bills, you cook and clean and you still want to do more!  You ARE absolutely 100% valuable already, and if you don't FEEL like you are valuable, doing more stuff will only make you more exhausted, but it won't change those feelings.  Those feelings are coming from somewhere deeper inside you, perhaps from a place of self-laothing or insecurity (which is *totally* normal).  I think that the only way you will feel more valuable is by taking time for YOU.  You need to spend some time looking within yourself and recognizing the good things about you, and the good things you do.  You need to build up your self-confidence and take notice of your achievements!  Spend time with you, and spend time knowing you.  If you work on really loving and appreciating yourself, you'll realize just how much value you really have (hint: it's a lot!).  You mentioned you are unhappy with the work you are qualified for, so maybe part of getting to know *you* would be figuring out what your dream job is and how you can make it happen. (Or maybe that's why you are already in school, which is a great start!)  But no matter what you end up doing, being happy with yourself is going to be key.  

  