Okay, I know that this opinion is going to be very unpopular but here and I really am not trying to debate pro life vs. pro choice.  That isn't what this post is about and I'm not here to discuss what life is or isn't.  I am here to discuss the relationship.  Here we go:

I really think you need to discuss the fact that your marriage is quickly headed towards crisis and you need to get into marriage counselling or think about getting divorced... as in, you need to SERIOUSLY think about getting divorced and you need to talk to your husband about divorce (or annulment or separation, at least).

I am not saying this to be mean, I am saying this because the issues you are bringing up go to the absolute core... the absolute *foundation*... of the relationship.  In marriages, some issues can be worked out and differences can be worked around, but this just doesn't seem like one of them.  

If this were just about birth control, you guys could probably work through/around it somehow (although the inability of you both to discuss it in a mature manner is discouraging, in itself).  

The problem is, we are talking about abortion. The fact of the matter is that your husband believes it is literally *murder*... not hypothetically, not in some circumstantial grey area... murder.  If you get the abortion, even if it is your body and your choice and *you* don't believe it's wrong, your husband believes that it is literally one of the worst kinds of human atrocities possible.

So think about this: if your husband ever finds out, your husband will be convinced that he is married to a murderer (again, realize I am not saying abortion is murder, I am saying that your husband will certainly see it that way, nonetheless).  Not only that, but even if he doesn't find out, you will always have to go through life/marriage knowing that you aren't really the person he thinks you are.  How does a marriage stand without even the most basic level of understanding between partners?

And the fact of the matter is, you guys have grown so apart in beliefs/worldviews that you no longer agree on what life, death, and murder even are anymore... and you guys can't even talk about it or agree to disagree.  How can a marriage stand on such a rocky level of communication and such a fundamental difference of belief... especially when that difference can't even be discussed in any substantial way?

Unless these issues are addressed and you can both actually grow closer to one another and mend the rift that has so clearly entered the relationship, then I just don't know how the relationship can work out long term, regardless of whether or not you get the abortion.  If you do get the abortion, however, then I think you need to get a divorce or separation first because either he will find out and the marriage will fall apart or he won't and that giant elephant will always be in the room... and I just don't know of very many (if any) relationships that can handle those kinds of secrets.  

Little white lies exist in every marriage but this isn't a little white lie we are talking about.  This is a fundamental difference in world view compounded with a complete inability to discuss your differences in any meaningful way... which is crippling your ability to get closer as a couple where it matters most--in knowing each other and loving each other as you *really are.*  Before you make any decisions, you need to talk to your husband and get into marriage counselling or you need to discuss divorce.  Just my .02.

**EDIT:**

Although many people here are going to hate me for this, I also need to add:

>I'm not against a third child, but right now I want to focus on the two we have, get them both walking, talking, out of diapers.

I find this to be kind of alarming.  You are willing to have a third child, but you are also willing to put your marriage in an existential crisis and do something that your husband views as *murder* because the timing is just inconvenient to you?   It leaves me wondering if you really actually even care about your relationship any more or if you simply have grown that far apart? If you are really at the point where you are willing to jeopardize your relationship out of a sense of mere convenience, then I don't know if counselling is going to help.  I could understand it a little better if you felt really strongly against ever having children again, but it just seems as though condoms and abortion are sort of interchangeable to you.  It just seems like you've already made up your mind that there isn't anything there worth saving. 

Something just seems off.  There are plenty of couples that unexpectedly have a third child at an inconvenient time and then decide "that's it... we are done having kids" and get the man a vasectomy or go on a more permanent/long term form of birth control.  It seems like maybe your decision has a lot more to do with your feelings about your relationship and, maybe, some kind of resentment you are feeling about your life together than the kid or the timing.  If you are a stay at home mother, is the issue really the timing or saving the marriage, or is it the insecurity/fear of your way of life changing dramatically that is actually the concern here?