On the flipside of this, movies also have a trope of the too aggressive, sex-crazed douchebag. Think Biff in Back to the Future. Often they are competing for the same girl that the persistent cute but down-on-his-luck protagonist. And the girls are resistant and the audience hates these guys for being pushy. 

This imparted on me the lesson that it's really bad to be at all aggressive with girls. By not-at-all-aggressive, I mean that I wouldn't "make a move" or try to escalate a situation. We're kissing? Well, I'm not gonna try to touch her boob, that would make me too aggressive. Which put me into a long series of awkward mis-steps at dating where I was not making a move and the girls were waiting for me to make a move, and so no move happened and our dating would quickly fissile out and I'd be left wondering what I did wrong. 

It only really fuels the idea of women as gatekeepers and that the men are just trying to impress them until the women reward us with sex. When in reality it's just two young people feeling each other out for how interested they are, and when you don't make a move, they might doubt that you are that interested in them. 

My girlfriend tells a story about how she went on a date with a friend in college and rather than kissing her, he moved in close, so close, like it was obvious they were going to kiss, and she wasn't backing away...and then he asked if he could kiss her and that this was a huge turnoff for her and it got awkward and no more dates. 

Thus, boys are learning that you need permission, you need to earn her trust, you need to not be too aggressive...but are totally missing out that you also need to make a romantic connection and have chemistry and turn her on, and if all you're doing is earning trust and begging for permission, you're not turning her on and so she's not going to be inclined to say yes. Whereas the "douchebag jock" is probably erring on the side of less caution and probably being a little too aggressive, and probably making moves on girls that aren't that interested...but also making moves on girls that are interested enough to go along with it and therefore getting their "foot in the door." 

