I was an early bloomer, and was actually a lot like your sister.

Started getting boobs (like, needed a bra size boobies) in 4th grade. I was 8. I refused to wear a bra, BTW, since none of friends were. I felt like I was being picked on by my parents, since I only had older brothers, and they never had to start wearing special underwear. I started wearing bras when I was 10, when my friends did. 


I went through crazy growth spruts, and had stretch marks on my hips and thighs, and eventually my breasts before I got to middle school. I was my adult size by the time I hit high school at 14: 135lb, 5'6. (I mean, I'm now 145 and 5'6, so not much of a change.) When I adjusted from "junior's" to "women's", I went right to a size 6, and I was ~ 13. Again, I'm currently a size 6.


My hormones were crazy. I had a lot of trouble sleeping; usually I'd crash after dinner ~7pm, waking up around midnight and then being restless until ~5am. I remember this time really vividly; it WAS a hard time, thinking about it. I was a cheery and smart kid, but got all emo and dark for a few years as I grew up so fast. I was changing so much, so quickly, I was all over the place. My moods were crazy. I am a really mellow girl nowadays, and **was** by the time I was 15 or so. 

SO, my suggestion is to be the sister you've always been: totally support her! My main complaint at that time was that my parents didn't seem to realize how very uncomfortable I was with my body. I didn't have a sister, and didn't know what to expect. I suddenly wanted to go shopping and pick out my own clothes, I felt ugly and frumpy ALL THE TIME, and desperately wanted to pursue any interests, like dancing or photography or a foreign language/ hobbies. I wanted to feel special and interesting and... safe again, like I felt when I was kid, just a few years ago. I suddenly didn't know myself anymore, and wanted to feel more confident.

Honestly, I felt like a freak of nature a lot. But unconditional love and support, and my parents treating dramatic outbursts cooly and casually helped me understand it was a phase I had to push through. Support her, make sure she feels pretty and normal by taking her shopping, taking makeup and hair, and getting on board with any quirky styles or interests she picks up. 

Also, read this [article!](http://www.mindbodygreen.com/0-13604/how-i-accidentally-raised-a-drama-free-daughter.html)