I just wanted to let you know-there are men in the world who would be accepting of your male friends. My boyfriend of the past several months not only accepts my friendship with my EX (We'll call him J); he understands that though J and I love each other, we both know we aren't good together as a couple. My boyfriend actually likes J and invites him over when we hang out with other friends. I keep waiting for him to be bothered by my friendship with J, but he *genuinely* has no problem. He thinks it's kind of beautiful and amazing that we've been able to remain close in spite of the relationship not working out. I spend time with J by myself when I choose, and my boyfriend is totally cool with it, encourages me to maintain this friendship because he can see it's important to me.

However, I have *always* had primarily male friends and I NEVER tolerated jealousy from anyone who wanted to date me. I do not believe in "I trust you, just not him." That means you either think I'm lying or that my friend is a rapist, neither of which are acceptable. I would have told this guy to kiss off a looooooong time ago. Give up my friends of 10 years for someone I barely know? That's crazy. 

Look, part of respecting YOU is also respecting your judgement. If he doesn't believe you are capable of making your own decisions, like who to be friends with, then he doesn't think of you as an adult, doesn't respect you. Why would you want to be with a man like that?

YOUR behavior is NOT the problem, understand? You haven't done anything wrong, you have nothing to be ashamed of or feel bad about. Your boyfriend's behavior has been controlling, manipulative and abusive. HE is the one who needs to change. Immediately. 

He will not dictate who your friends are.
He will not complain when you talk to other men. 
He will not bat an eye when you are doing your JOB. 
He will not call you "naive" and "un-lady-like." 

If he doesn't straighten himself out, this behavior will get worse. It will continue to escalate, until he finally hits you for the first time. He'll cry and apologize, say he didn't mean it, swears he'll never do it again.  At least, not until the next time it happens and he convinces you it was your fault. Then he'll complain that you "shouldn't have made him so angry."

Be careful. Put yourself first. Listen to the people in your life who really care about you. If they don't like this guy, there's a *reason.*


