I would say that my Dad has been one of my greatest role models for my life. Just as others have said she will look up to you. The saying is true "monkey see monkey do". So one of the best things you can do is not necessarily worry about establishing a great father to daughter relationship, that comes with time, but more so a good person to a person learning how to be a good person relationship. I've grown into my own self as a woman, meaning I don't let what social media or society dictate what it "means to be a woman or girl" for me, but live by my own standards.

I always ask my Dad a lot of questions and for advice, and he has always been patient in answering with an explanation, which tends to open the floor to discussion of all sorts of things :) It always made me feel important to him, and just important as a person in general; which I think a lot of people struggle with today, self worth.

Watching my Dad in handle life situations was always awe inspiring. From seeing him be the president of the local YMCA to getting an executive job with the government, he always made the time to help others in need. From that I learned humility.

I would say that no matter how many barbie dolls and "girly" toys were thrown my way, I always  gravitated to satisfying my curiosity, increasing my physical strength, and speaking out for inequalities. I've dealt with a period of being insecure about being different. But I learned to embrace it, so I've ended up pursuing my PhD. 

I would say don't narrow your daughters possibilities in life but just show her a path that will enable her to make choices for herself to live life to the fullest. and be sure to tell her stories as she grows, she will learn something from all of them. I would say since my father grew up in a different time period that some of his perspectives were off, but as I have seen him stand up for himself, I stood up to him for myself and other women. (it was a debate over what women should and shouldn't do kind of thing.) Pretty sure I won the debate, and even though I was explaining to him that he was in err for the way he thought, I think he was proud of me articulating my way to victory over stubbornness.

Thus far a few of my Dad's favorite quotes have gotten me through many of life's tough ordeals:
"a hard head makes a soft ass" think before acting or else you'll regret it
"Not all that glitters is gold" quality is better than quantity
"I will always be your father, and you can always tell me anything"
Dad: "what are you going to school for?"
Me: "to learn"
Dad: "what are you going to school for?"
Me: "to gain experiences, become more worldly, to get a good job?"
Dad: "You are going to school to "Graduate" and when you walk across that stage and into the world you will know exactly what that means"

Sorry for the length but I love my Dad and have learned so much from him. 