I had a medical a few months ago. 

There were no protesters where I went, but it was very crowded. I waited a long time. The people who work there were very matter-of-fact with me - not super supportive but not unsupportive either. They told me what I needed to know. I asked questions. If you have them, ask! It's okay! 

You will want to take your painkillers - it was recommended to me that I take mine about 20 minutes before taking my second pill, but follow your doctor's advice since they might put you on different meds. They might talk to you about birth control options depending on your state. They might have to give you an ultrasound - they did for me. I chose to view the ultrasound but not listen for the heartbeat. If you're early enough along to be able to have a medical, the pregnancy just looks like a bean. 

The cramps for me, with massive amounts of painkillers, were like period cramps. But, I bled a lot, so make sure you have lots of the super diapery overnight pads. You'll be changing them about every 30 minutes or less. In hindsight, I think a pack of adult diapers might not have been a bad idea. I watched musicals on my couch with a heating pad. I was a little dopey from the painkillers so I just sort of sat there being high. I remember feeling very tired for the next day or so. 

The bleeding will subside in a day or so, but take it easy for the next couple of weeks. My stupid self had to move apartments, and I kept trying to help out which meant I kept starting to bleed and cramp again even though I knew better. No lifting heavy things.

I felt very bland. I wasn't particularly sad because I knew I was doing the right thing. I wasn't happy either. I just...was...for a little bit.

But, I'll tell you this: this was the second pregnancy I terminated, and neither haunts me. Sometimes I get a little wisty, like, what-if. But I wouldn't say it's affected me much other than having had the experience. I am a happy, successful, married woman with a wonderful husband and a fabulous life ahead. You have one too :) 

You absolutely can make it through this if this is what you choose to do. If you need someone to talk to for the next few days, PM me, I'll be around. I'm glad your boyfriend is being such a help to you. 