Lube preferences are pretty personal I think. I would suggest just getting a nice, simple, basic one -- don't go for flavored or warming or "stimulating" ones because a lot of people don't react well to them and that's not really something you want to deal with on your wedding night. If you're not using condoms, I'll recommend Liquid Silk, it's a more expensive lube (worth the $) and it's a mix of water and silicone based. Sliquid is a water-based lube that people tend to really like. Whether or not you need lube really just varies person-to-person, so definitely have some on hand because it's much better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it. Needing lube doesn't mean that you aren't aroused, it's just that some women naturally produce more or less moisture than others.

I'm just gonna let you know about queefing, since I'm pretty sure your sex ed didn't cover that... you might have heard this already, but sometimes during sex, air can get trapped in the vagina and then it makes a noise very similar to a fart when it comes out. It can be kinda embarrassing but the best way to deal is to just laugh and move on. "Laugh and move on" is just general good advice for sex at any point, but especially when you're new to it, because silly, awkward things probably will happen, but they absolutely don't have to ruin or interrupt the romance of the moment. In fact, to me the best sex often includes laughter because I feel like it establishes trust and connection, like you and your partner are saying "Huh, that wasn't ideal, but whatever I'm just happy to be doing this with you." 

If your husband has never had sex before either, he might lose his erection -- again, just shrug it off. It doesn't mean he's not turned on or attracted to you, it's just that some guys lose their erection when they're nervous, and most people are at least a little nervous when they're losing their virginity. If it happens, just do other stuff (kissing, oral, cuddling, etc.) and try again later.

Assuming you haven't done this already, definitely have him put a couple fingers in you before his penis, this will make it easier/less nerve wracking when that moment comes. I suggest having him put in one finer, then two. This will also help you establish whether you're wet/aroused enough for sex, how much lube you'll need, etc.