You seem to have inserted yourself into a messed up situation. I don't know how much information you are getting from him, how much is from Molly, and how much is what you have observed, but I'd be very very wary if most of it is coming from him - he is going to tell a version that makes him look the best; at best partial truths and lying by omission.

You're not going to get much support for your actions, because they are selfish. You don't want to help these people, you are doing this for yourself. You want a relationship with Troy, possibly also to be a knight in shining armour who swooped in and saved the damsel in distress and the poor innocent little baby.

If you look at this objectively, you are not helping him, you are just joining in the pattern of him running from one woman who is in charge of him to the next. His mother, his wife, you ... and there will be another after you when things aren't all sunshine and kittens (and life is never all sunshine and kittens). It is *not* a healthy pattern to blame everything in your life on another person and sit there til someone rescues you.

Other commenters are totally right in telling you that you will just be another link in the chain - the first sign you'll get that something is wrong is when the new woman contacts you to tell you how you have ruined his life and she has saved you from him.

Consider this too - if he leaves the child in that house, what does that say about him? If he gets custody, are you willing and ready to become a stepparent to this child? You will have to deal with Molly and her family for the rest of your life if you do. And when the next girl comes along - you'll either be ripped from the kid's life, or left raising them as a single mother, along with any other kids you two have.

Is this the life you dreamed of as a child? Did you grow up hoping to find a partner who is so weak, so controlled by others, earning barely enough to support himself, and constantly getting into bad situations because he can't stand on his own two feet?