I once ran into a homeless drifter in the woods. He was like fifty years old and pretty sketch but somehow I ended up chilling near a pond chatting with this guy for like two hours. He told me lots of stories about his life and his plans and how he had been run out of some town after a girl made accusations about him...?? Like I said, he was sketch.

It probably wasn't a great idea to hang out in the woods with this guy, but I had been having a pretty shit day, and talking to a stranger was actually rather nice. After a while though (around when he told me about being run out of town), I got uncomfortable and wanted to leave. I was like: oh I'm gonna be walking over here now, and he decided to walk along with me. I picked up my pace a bit, he kept pace. I was pretty skeeved out at this point. Got to the bus stop and hopped on a bus going opposite the direction I wanted to go, then after a few stops hopped off and grabbed a bus in the correct direction. Never saw the guy again.

Anyway. During this whole interesting/unpleasant situation I maintained an air of relative calm due to a few key facts:

1. I kept the guy talking about himself. People like to talk about themselves, so I asked him lots of questions and he unloaded a frankly fascinating story about his life wandering the country. This kept him happy (he got to share his story!) but it also means that I didn't share anything about myself. He came out of that interaction with zero information about me.
2. Though I spent two hours talking with the guy, being polite and humoring him at times, I was ready to be absolutely, embarrassingly rude if the need came. Though I generally prefer to be friendly and polite, I would never trade assurance of my own well-being for being *nice*. You shouldn't either! If you're feeling threatened, by all means get out of there, even if you have to step on some toes/embarrass somebody/be a raging bitch/etc.
3. I have taken self defense classes, and as soon as I began to feel uncomfortable I "planned my escape"- I knew exactly which physical actions I would take if something bad happened. I also planned the convoluted thing with the bus, because I didn't want the guy to know where I lived.

Anyway. I'm not suggesting you get yourself into a sketchy situation like that one. But maybe keep those things in mind for the next time. Asking people about themselves is a good tactic for any conversation, and the other two tips you can keep in your back pocket just in case (and both should increase your confidence when chatting with strangers!)

PS - His name was Mark. I hope he is doing better now!