1. The most important factor in choosing a size is how heavy your period is. A small cup is still bigger then a tampon and if those aren't falling out you don't have to worry about being too big for a small cup. There are virgins who need the extra capacity a larger cup offers. You sound like a candidate for the smaller cup but it's up to you.


2. There other brands available in the US. Lunette and Sckoon cup are both available in the US on amazon.com. The diva cup is one of the longest cups available and some women find it uncomfortable. The lunette is perfect in my opinion, but if you can only find a Diva cup I wouldn't worry about it,

3. Anecdotal evidence says menstrual cups do help with cramps but I don't believe it stops them for most users. I've never heard of a menstrual cup causing or worsening cramps but there's no research that I'm aware of on this subject.

4. The suction forms a seal that keeps the blood in the cup, you won't feel it. If you try to pull it out without breaking the suction (wither by squeezing the cup or using a finger) it might feel uncomfortable but I've never felt any painful.

5. You can go as long as 12 hours without changing it so it's fairly rare that it needs to be done in public unless your period is very heavy.  The handicap stall is great for rinsing cups! There a number of solutions. Some people bring in a water bottle, others dump it out and reinsert without rinsing. I just clean up with toilet paper so no blood is visible to any curious observe and go rinse everything in the sink.

6. No, not unless you want to.

7. No, it's made of soft silicone and shouldn't poke or scratch, although the Diva cups is a little stiff for my liking personally, you can trim the stem or turn the cup inside out so you don't have to deal with the stem at all.

8. It's similar to a tampon once inserted, if you can feel tampons, you will probably feel the cup but if you normally don't notice tampons you won't notice a cup

9. There's a learning curve to insertion and removal, the first couple times it'll take you a little longer but once you're familiar it doesn't take any longer then the insertion and removal of a tampon. You'll want to follow the instructions and there are great resources for troubleshooting if you do have trouble.

10. I use a menstrual cup and an IUD, it's pretty common especially if you get the copper IUD. You just have to make sure you don't accidentally pinch the strings when you remove your cup or the IUD will come out with your cup. It's not difficult but you do have to be careful. 



