In regards to you being assaulted: I don't think they're employing a double standard or saying that it's okay, yet other stuff is not. You went through something traumatic and they're trying to reassure you about your baby. And they're right, your body is strong and meant to withstand a lot-- one kick is probably not going to hurt your baby. 

The difference between that and other restrictions you're facing is that getting kicked was an acute incident that was out of your control. The only thing they could do there was mitigate the consequences after the fact, which luckily turned out to not be harmful in the long run. However, it sounds like maybe they weren't sensitive to your emotional reaction to being assaulted and assumed that you were only fearful about your pregnancy.

Most of the other stuff you're being prohibited from doing are chemically related and are things that the doctors are worried are going to affect the development of your baby. So they are more long-term concerns that you have control over in a preventative sense.

Basically, people are trying to keep you as healthy and safe as possible so they're being overly cautious. However, I can understand how it would be incredibly frustrating to feel like you're banned from all of these things, especially when former generations did them without consequence.

I would advise you to just eat healthy and listen to your instincts when it comes to your body. Loosely follow those guidelines prohibiting you from certain things and if you're going to break them, enjoy them in moderation (or at a minimum). 

For instance, in Ireland pregnant women used to be told to drink a Guinness a day because the iron was good for them. It didn't appear to do any harm. And many women in France still drink a glass of red wine a day when they're pregnant. [Here](http://www.nydailynews.com/life-style/health/pregnant-women-glass-wine-day-fine-study-article-1.1375559) is a study saying that drinking a glass of wine a day when pregnant is fine!

So of course take care of yourself, listen to your doctors, and be careful not to go overboard, but use your best judgement when it comes to what limitations you place on your body.