I don't like how it was done (without the input of the community and specially without the knowledge of the people who saw 2X as a safe space) and I have suspicions about why it was done (a recent interview at NPR sort of confirms my suspicions).  I abhor the threatening PMs, the dick PMs, and the vagina/boobs request PMs, and the "As a man..." replies.  If I could vote, I would vote on it being taken off default.  I want our little tree house back, if at all possible.  



Having said that, [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/2627h9/need_help_talking_to_my_13_year_old_niece_about/) that landed here because of the default thing made me think that heck, maybe it could be a good thing, if we're willing to make it a good thing.  Closer moderation on the support  labeled threads helps, though it won't stop the PMs.  Ideally, we should have two inboxes - or a way to differentiate comment replies and PMs so that those having a hard time with the PMs could ignore them, if they want to do so.   Even that would be a shitty solution, but at least would be an attempt.  Sure, we already deal with our own shit and there will be more trolls, more threads hijacked, but, in the event that the sub doesn't get taken off default, I think the community should devote time and energy trying to help this type of posts and telling trolls to back the fuck off.   



The PMs bothered me, I won't lie.  But you know what?  I can take it and it will only make me stronger.  I realize that this is not the situation of all of us here and that there are members of this community who are not in a good emotional place. I also realize that we're not here to educate dudes and that it is unfair that we find ourselves having to do just that time and again and for that reason, I would absolutely vote for it to be taken out of default.  But if it has to stay default, let's make the best of it.  I will try to help and support newcomers trying sincerely to understand women's perspectives.  It will take much more than a few angry MRAs, PUAs, and sexists in general to make me leave.