I'm a PhD student in biochem and..

> . Sometimes I will not understand something as quickly as everyone else does, but I will keep trying until I catch up.

Most people are faking it. I'm teaching some basic classes and everyone always seems to know everything - except they don't, which becomes apparent when they hand in their assignments. Good on you for being honest with yourself. Also, remember that not knowing something is not the same as being stupid. Many, many times basic courses simplify things to the point where a couple of relevant points get lost - hence many smart students feel like they can't get it while more average students just absorb the info but have not reflected upon it. So, the fact that you don't seem to get everything at once may in fact speak for you.

> But I'm worried that once I get into college I will be considered as someone who is less than everyone else because I am a girl, and I am not close enough to "the best of the best" to be deemed an exception to the rule. 

It depends. I have not had any major problems and felt like I got lots of support. I feel like inequality starts to appear much later, at post doc stage and after. However, very subtle things here and there may have occurred but I do think it is less frequent within science than in "normal" every day life.

I would, however, like to advice you to pay attention to how to talk. I noticed that a lot of women speak in self-minimizing way. So don't ever start a question or comment with a "this may be a stupid question.." or "I don't understand...". Instead, ask your questions like "Since x1 leads to y and that causes z, x2 is very similar to x1, why does x2 not cause z too?". This will show that you picked up on the information available and shows critical thinking and tends to give you much more respect than simply saying "I don't understand why x2 does not work like x1".

Watch out for subconscious gender roles. For instance, during first year of my PhD I ended up in a group with one other girl - the remaining 10 were males. All the guys were asking her about how to fill in forms, where to go for xyz, when that-and-that lecture was etc. When she graduated, they started doing that for me. I realized that looking up and explaining things for them would take time from my research, so I simply started replying with "the info you need is on the HR website, look there" and soon I wasn't expected to mommy everyone anymore.

I think you sound like the perfect student and if your enthusiasm and commitment sticks, I'm sure you'll do really well. And being a scientist is tons of fun.:)