I worked at a library for 4 years while in college. due to the fact that it was the main library and in somewhat of a sketchy area, we often got some rather interesting characters that would come in. homeless people, people from the nearby mental institution (for whatever reason these people loved to tell everyone that's where they lived), as well as a variety of young people, old people, students, etc.

one day while working I happened to notice that a rather creepy looking guy seemed to be following me. I shelved books all over the library but it seemed like he kept following me from section to section. I wasn't sure if I was being paranoid but I decided to tell my supervisor (couldn't find our security guard at the time) because it was making me really uneasy.

I go back to working and eventually creepy dude approaches me. right off the bat he starts telling me how sexy I am, asking me when I got off work, telling me all of the really explicit things he wanted to do to me. I was shocked. I told him he needed to get away from me and leave. he didn't of course. I decided to go to a different floor of the library and of course he followed. "I just wanted to tell you how sexy you are. when do you get off work?" etc. he then goes and sits down at a table near where I was working, and anytime I'd look in his direction he would wink. 

at this point I go back to my supervisor again. I knew he was busy so I hoped to deal with it myself but it obviously wasn't working. I tell him exactly what this guy said to me and that he was following me around and my supervisor laughs and says "it must be that skirt you're wearing today!" umm, what? my skirt goes down to my knees, it's the middle of summer, and it's always HOT in here because the a/c works less than half of the time..and you're going to tell me that someone is harassing me because of how I'm dressed?

at this point I noticed our security guard walk back in. I go to tell him because 1.) this sort of thing is why he's here and 2.) I could tell my supervisor wasn't going to do much. so I tell him exactly what happened, including the graphic things this creep said to me...anddddddd....he laughs too. a laugh followed by "you must be enticing these young men with that skirt!"

at this point I was just baffled. the security guard did kick the guy out but not before suggesting that it was something I did. like I said...it was hot outside and the library rarely cooled down to a comfortable temperature. it was the first time I ever wore a skirt to work (it was allowed - I just prefer pants) and I only did so because I had been suffering all summer from the heat. this skirt that went down to my knees is the reason it's funny that I'm harassed. I was completely covered up top so both of their reactions shocked me. I didn't work there too much longer after that. 

tl;dr - wore a knee length skirt to work, "funny" harassment ensues.