I think all that actually tells us is that our news organizations are shitty, because no one heard about it. It's not that we all knew and no one batted an eye. It's that in February, so-called news organizations were way more interested in awards shows and the fact that it was colder than balls outside and other stupid, pointless stories. Some poor children being burned up for being educated just wasn't sexy enough to compete with that, especially when it didn't play into already established stereotypes of Islamist extremists. 

And let's be realistic. If you want a story on dead people and people who have been shot, you have plenty of them in your own country I'm sure, and many of them are also white so it's that much more shocking for all the bigots out there. You also have victims of human trafficking in any country, but the difference is that no one knows they're sex slaves most of the time, because if the authorities knew, the sex slaves would be freed and it wouldn't be such a problem. Some of the shock value from this is that they're being open about what they did with the girls they sold into slavery. That's unheard of in the Western world, where everything is kept quiet when something like this is happening. Dead people we hear about, because you can't really hide that someone is dead. They'll be missing for years maybe, but then presumed dead anyway.

So what kind of lives do you think those girls will have in a country that is still heavily religious? How many people do you think will be willing to marry the ex-sex slaves, especially when the region is still very much steeped in a fairly extreme version of a religion that places a lot of value on women's virginity and that provides women with few opportunities to support themselves financially? How well do you think they'll cope with everything that has been done to them? What good is it to be alive when you're likely to be shunned for the rest of your life because of things that were done to you, especially when I can guarantee you that there are people there, just like there's a fringe element anywhere, who will believe that these girls caused their own abductions and slavery by wanting an education? The one advantage that they have is that there's been a lot of worldwide publicity around this whole thing, so they're more likely to actually get some help and there will be very public pressure on their community to support them rather than treat them like terrible people who brought it on themselves or shunning them to protect themselves from the terrorists.

I also don't think that hashtag is bigoted, because in this situation, we're talking about men selling girls. Is it always men who sell girls or girls who get sold? No, of course not. But this time, that's exactly what's going on. And just because we didn't hear about the other atrocities committed by this group doesn't mean they would have been ignored if they'd ever made it into the mainstream news. No one is intentionally ignoring what happened in February, or all the people who are sold into sex slavery daily, or all the people who are killed every day around the world for all kinds of things. At least, the people spreading the hashtags aren't. They're just ignorant that it even happened, and there's nothing that can be done for dead people. No one can bring them back or change anything about what they went through. But these girls are alive, so there's a chance to save their lives and to save them from a short lifetime as slaves. It's not bigoted to care more for the living than the dead. It's practical.