> He sees there lack of attraction to him as an injustice, and a crime

In general, he describes a view of the world framed by absurd envy, feeling it was an extreme injustice that overwhelmed his thoughts whenever he even _imagined_ people were having a better time than he was.

> He's talking about sex and attraction as if it is owed to him

It's a bit more complicated than that. He's got a perverse sense of how attraction and social interaction even work, and interprets men as being jerks on the basis of whether they are welcoming and kind to _him_, without any reference to how they treat anyone else; his never justifies the "supreme gentleman" label, despite plenty of feedback that acknowledgement that his behaviour is precisely the problem.

That's entitlement, definitely, but it does not seem to stem from his gender identity.

> he is owed sex and deserves sex in his life simply because he is a guy

Actually, he seems to think that a lot (most?) guys _aren't_ entitled to sex.  He also very early on -even before really entering adolescence- has become convinced that girls intrinsically hate him, will reject and hurt him on sight. That concept would be a shock to your typical entitled male (who will, _after the fact_, blame girls who reject them, but that stems from an initial assumption that they will do anything but).

His case for deserving sex seems to be primarily because of _The Secret_ (which he latched on too) style thinking: because he wanted it so bad; even this is poorly justified as he doesn't make a case for wanting it more than others...

In fact, given how much of the desire stems from fantastical thinking that if he had a girlfriend it would completely transform his social status, and his absurd efforts to get rich through the lottery in order to obtain a girlfriend, there's a credible case that even the entitlement about having a girlfriend is actually just the mechanics of how a larger entitlement, that has nothing to do with sex or gender, is fulfilled.
