For anybody here directly, unequivocally (and callously) telling her to have the abortion or not have the abortion or to dump the boyfriend, I don't think what you're doing is appropriate.  It shows a terrible lack of empathy.   You aren't her, and you don't know what it's like to be her (unless you've been a very similar situation), to feel what she feels about her boyfriend, or to feel what she feels about potentially having this child or feels about getting an abortion.  To cavalierly tell her to go get an abortion or to dump her BF (or to not get an abortion - I haven't seen that yet) is giving bad advice.

All I have to say is that no one is wrong, and no one is right in this situation.  I view fetuses as potential human life.  They're neither just a bunch of random human cells like a patch of skin nor are they a full-fledged person.  Basically, they embody parental hope, that is their meaning.  In that sense I can understand you BF's sentiments.

My question to you is this.  It seems like the life you wanted in three or four years after you've experienced a little married life and fun with your (potential) spouse, etc. is being pushed on you before you're ready.  Can you imagine a life where you miss those three or four formative years, where you're responsible for a child, where you're married (I don't know how conservative you guys are about getting married because of a child), and have the obligations of supporting a family starting now?  Do you think you could be happy in any shape or form if this were hoisted on you?

If not, I think you have your answer.  As much as you love your boyfriend, being miserable will be toxic to you, to your child if you chose to have the baby, and to him.  Odds are that you will love the child, but at the core of the marriage will be the fact that he forced you into it.  What will married life with him be like?  I'm sure you guys have dreams, will he force you to leave those too for the sake of family?  What's he like as a person?  Mind you.  I'm not blaming him.  I can understand his feelings.

And there's no guarantee that you'll find someone whom you love as much as you love him, but I am of the opinion that it is possible if you give yourself the chance.

I guess I'm not so much telling you to go get an abortion.  But rather that you should answer some of the questions I posed (like how would you feel having this child and being married?), to steel yourself and be sure you want to get this abortion (or not get an abortion).  Once you have the conviction either way, then you can take care of everything else, like your relationship with your BF, your parents, etc.

Also, if you need help, I'm sure a fellow redditor or TwoXer in your area would be more than willing to help you.  Reddit likes to help like that.