Yes. Happens every time we are at Home Depo or the like. Even if I happen to have the note in my hand that states the number and measures of the stuff we need and I'm the one talking, they are still looking at him. It usually takes multiple rounds of me saying something, the clerk looking at my SO who is not paying attention what so ever, the clerk looking back at me before they get that I'm the one they are dealing with. Also happened with my parents all the time - once a construction worker even asked my mum "Look, am I correct to assume that we should address you and not your husband? He doesn't seem to know what you guys want or need?"

Once we were queuing to get some planks cut to measure. My SO decided to go look at some other stuff leaving me to lift the planks and give the instructions. When my turn came and I told the saw-guy what I wanted he gave me a confused look and said "you sure?" and looked around - possibly for my SO. Aaand.. it happens when I'm helping my SO to lift, move and carry the items. Well-meaning men have popped up telling me to step aside in order to help my SO to carry. It is kind and considerate, I get that, and I don't view it negatively as such. It does puzzle me, though as 1) I am obviously dressed for work and 2) sometimes these men (who I don't know) are in far worse condition than I am and have more trouble doing what needs to be done (e.g. trouble moving, shaky hands) and 3) I'd imagine I don't look like I'm suffering as I really do enjoy doing that kind of stuff with my SO.

I usually let my confusion show but act as if I don't realise it has to do with gender. And maybe sometimes it hasn't. Perhaps it's a habit, learnt from society without reflection. So when they look at my SO instead of me, I don't try to hide my "eh, why you no looking at me? something going on there? no? wtf?"-face. When they ask if I know how to drill I say "Yeah, duh?" with a look as if they just asked me if I know how to eat - but with friendly smile. 

He also gets addressed more when we are out eating, travelling etc. However, when we are buying furniture or carpets people talk to me and ignore him. And dat surprise when he says something like "I'd rather have the sofa with *insert color*".

Then again, this varies quite a lot depending on where in the world we are. Happens way more in other countries and almost not at all in others.