I can't possibly imagine going through what you are going through, and I am so very very sorry. Your post has teared me up.

But I'm going to address your question.

For your daughter, I would make a video for her wedding day, her graduation, one of what you would say when she gets in trouble in life.

For your son, videos about how he should treat women, good pick up lines (no reason not to have fun with it).

Make videos for each of them telling them the stories of their birth, how you felt, and how much you love them. 

Make a recording of any milestone you wish you could be there for.
Have a small piece of jewellery made for all three- perhaps consider pre-ordering memorial jewellery (the items have some of your ashes in them).

If you still put your kids to bed with a story, record yourself reading some, telling them that you love them at the end- whatever your current routine is.

As to your wife, a recording or series of letters about how much you love her, the positives she has added to your life, intimate moments.

And perhaps one or two of you chatting, just about your day... like a normal conversation for her to listen to when she is going to sleep- perhaps even of you reading a book if it's awkward.

Also for your wife... wear several sleepshirts regularly, with your scent (cologne, ordinary body scent.) Plus a pillow. Put them in spacebags, and perhaps put a shirt over a body pillow. Once in spacebags, wrap them and tell your wife to open it when you are gone.

It won't last forever but it will be your smell and the feel of you that will be hard to lose, and it'll be the nighttime when you not being there will hurt, because distracting herself will be hard.

I know if it were me, I would be pretending you weren't going to go too. Because if I didn't I might not be able to do all the ordinary things that make life run in your household. The enormity of the sense of loss would not be something I could deal with.

I also suspect she doesn't want to make it worse for you than it already is, and if she acknowledges it she would not be able to feel the happy moments with you. She also doesn't want to add strain to her kids lives, and kids always know. 

Perhaps arrange with a grief counselor to check up on her, and pre-pay a certain number of sessions. I'd also consider hiring someone to come in after you pass to help her with the daily life things.

I know if it were me, no matter how much warning I had, my heart would be breaking, and imagining life without the man I love most in the world would be terrifying. 

You might also consider writing a number of emails to her, some notes, some long.... you can set them up to send on certain dates, so they'll time release. Perhaps anecdotes, stories, things you are thinking. If you need some technical notes on how to do it, I can get my techie husband to chime in, just let me know.

I know it's a small offer, and I don't know what I can do to help, but if I can, in any way at all, feel free to PM me.