I have to agree with this.  It's all about carrying your weight on a team.  I was put on heavy equipment because I wasn't capable of lifting and carrying 150 lbs of steel.  But I could cut with an oxy-acetelyne torch with great steadiness in my hands, and was able to think smarter, not work harder.  

One thing I definitely suggest is to learn how to shovel and use your gardening trowel to the best efficient manner.  Shoveling is more of a scooping motion; when planting flats stick the gardening trowel in, lift the earth about 6" then put the flat in the hole, pat down, next.  Also lay out the flats prior to scooping. 

I worked with this one older dude, the best on the landscaping team (Nicknamed Papi) and we had mini-contests which we were so organized we always planted our flats far more faster than other 'teams'.  (one of us would lay out, the other would dig/plant).


I couldn't bolt as tight as my male counter parts, but I was able to foresee and anticipate needs and helped my foreman organize projects better.  As long as you contribute, don't be whiny, remember more what you CAN do versus what you cannot do, will carry far.  

The staying sober is also accurate.  Based on my experience with landscapers which now was about 15 years ago is that there is a lot of drug/alcohol abuse.   These guys also knew more about basic criminal law than most lawyers.   Don't let this scare you off because it could be the start of a new career for you to advance easily and maybe an education in landscape architecture.  Just keep clean, rise above, and with men it's okay to call it like you see it.

In having come from a department in which I worked with an all woman team, they usually don't do that and the norm is to be catty and behind backs.  With guys, especially in labor related fields, just call them out.  

My only last suggestion is when you call out someone or a plan, to only do so when you have an alternative that may work out better or save money.  One of my pet peeves is 'that guy' that will try to dictate or hold up a project because "it won't work" and when I ask what he has to offer that's better, "I don't know" means to me "shut the fuck up". 