> To me, right and wrong are judgments, I am not sure what you think they are (I'm guessing, reading between lines, that you think they are feelings).

I agree. Properly understood Right and wrong are judgements, not feelings. But people can take their judgements for feelings. Or base their judgements on feelings. And visa versa, their feelings can be based on their judgements.

> Similarly, notions of validity, truth, sound argumentation and the like do not apply to feelings. [Out of order]... I don't think you can label the actual feelings of disgust as right or wrong, no. Why would you?

To prevent the injust actions that flow from those feelings or prevent those feelings from distressing those that would feel them.

Taking the examples in turn.

> "I am disgusted by those homosexuals kissing in public".

Could well be based on the belief that homosexuality is wrong, perhaps for example in turn based on false beliefs about a God. It could be based, as part of this paradigm, of a fear of latent homosexual desires in themselves. 

It would be better to remove homophobia, something TwoX doesn't like (as stated in the sidebar), be having a person not feel homophobic rather than merely suppressins their homophobic expressions or actions.

> "I just feel that a women's natural place is in the home, that's why I'm a house wife".

In this case we could point out the her "feeling", as she calls it, could just be based in an internalised traditional sexism. A feeling that if she drops (through a consideration of the large body of reflection coming from second wave feminism), she will be able to free herself to choose her own life. Her current first order choices (being a housewife) are being imprudently constrained by her second order (perhaps unconscious) choices (beliefs about god-given sexist natural orders).

> "I recoiled in fright at the spider" but then I realises the shadow was not a spider.

Here a person can recognize that their feeling, fear, was based on the mistaken belief that there was a spider around. The feeling was wrong, in this example, in that the judgements about the world which gave rise to the feeling, were wrong.

> "I feel like I'm too fat" and goes onto develop Bulimia nervosa.

If a women who is uncontroversially of healthy body weight goes onto develop a serious psychopathology, vomiting up food and reducing her weight to dangerously low levels, on the basis that she "feels too fat" then usual solution is to try to convince her that her feeling is mistake (then fix is not just to tell her she is not too fat but to convince of it through an assisted process).

> "He made me feel worthless by constantly criticising my every act".

In this example, a spouse let's imagine, either takes unsound criticism from their partner or sound criticism as entailing that they are worthless individuals. This feeling of worthlessness can not only wrong but debilitating for the person feeling it. They could have a better life if they didn't feel this way.

>  You're not using the word "valid" in a way that's familiar to me, so you're using it in your own way

I'm using it in a convention sense, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Validity#Validity_of_arguments, which may well be unfamiliar to you.

> my comments are not related to...  to argumentation.

Yes, that's evident.