I struggled with PTSD and several other health issues and was in a immensely difficult space after having flash backs and hallucinations and coming to terms with the fact I was abused during my childhood. 

During this time my mother was no helps what-so-ever and it really affected me and my ability to say no and tell others what I wanted and need.

The first thing I have to say is you have to no you're a person and entitled to your own beliefs and needs. If you NEED something then you can't let other people (within reason) tell you otherwise. This is anything from your sexual needs (as long as its safe, sane and consensual crack on) to emotional needs.

This being said she's a person too and it took me a long time to come to terms with the fact that I wasn't helping the horrible situation between my mother and me. I needed to be open and honest and accept she was the way she was. Once I'd accepted that occasionally she was going to be stubborn and wouldn't always understand my needs it became a lot easier to handle. I stopped asking myself "Why arn't you supporting me and being such a cunt?" and started realizing that with patience and persistance I could get my point across and it eventually came to a point where we madea break through after months of being patient in which she said "I know I've been an ass and I can't cope with what you went through, I'm trying but it's difficult because I feel responsible and I don't want to think someone hurt my baby girl. You're not my baby girl anymore but I can't help but think about you that way. I know you don't want a job right now but I didn't have many of the opportunities you had and it hurts to think my bright baby would waste her potential. I know you'll get to it in your own time but if you could be patient with me I'll try my best to help you as I can"

It was the best thing that's happened between us; being honest and open and realizing that allthough we're meant to be there for each other all the time as family we can't always do that and being honest means we can get past both of our shortcomings.

If you feel you can't open up through talking my best advice would be to write a letter and explain you're point of view. But sometimes it's just best to accept them for who they are; avoid some things until their ready and take a gentle stance on what matters. 

Hope all gets better. 