I have been with my wife for 14 years now and I can say that she does more family level tasks than I do. Income wise, we make roughly the same amount. Her and I have fallen into primarily the "traditional" american gender roles in some ways....e.g. it is far more likely that she sews a new hem or decorates a room. Conversely, it is more likely that I would fix the air conditioning or program the irrigation system, but regardless of role:task relationship these concepts should apply to all.

I often think of it as familial specialization. I have dedicated time and energy to becoming good at re-soldering bad connections on broken kids toys, creating and managing a photo backup system for our precious photos, handling budgets and bills, etc. If I were to ask my wife to do any of these tasks I have full confidence that she could accomplish them. In the long run after she has dedicated time to it as well she could be just as proficient with the tasks too, but as for right now it makes more sense for me to do them because of what I have specialized in so far in life. When we have teams, specialization allows us to focus on what we suck the least at in comparison with our team mates...not who is best at what.

(Comparative Advantage: Tasks should not be assigned by who is best at them or kids would never get chores and parents would do everything.  Kids are put in charge of cleaning the carpet because they suck less at vacuuming than they do at making sure all of the household accounts and bills are taken care of. )

Point 1: Family members specialize and this is more effective, however this should never prevent one non specialized member from assisting others in times of need.

All this being said some tasks between husband and wife are suitably commoditized that they require little specialization (this goes back to the things you can assign to kids when they are old enough). Most people (not all but most) are more or less equally capable of loading or unloading the dishwasher or laundry machine. There is very little art or skill required to vacuum the carpet, clean the windows, dust, or whatever.

So for commodities the main issue becomes habit or concern instead of capability. 

When I say habit I mean that some people were raised in environments where some things were never even a concern.  Maybe they grew up in a city apartment where lawn care just did not come up...ever. Maybe they had a fastidious parent who handled all of the cleaning while they were not in the house and the environment just seemed to always be dust free with no one exerting energy to keep it that away as far as they could tell. Ridiculous as it may seem this absolutely would result in kids who don't realize they have to clean. Not necessarily bad depending on how they spent the time they would have otherwise spent cleaning...but I digress.

Concern is probably most "traditional" male's main hangup. Or maybe it is just mine... I do not generally care about shelf dust or any dust that is not in an area I frequent.  Similarly no one will ever convince me that making my bed daily is anything other than a regular expense of time and energy to have my sheet or blanket flatter than usual. In short some of the things a spouse cares about will not automatically be important to the other spouse. This is the "I want you to want to do dishes" vs "I want you to do the dishes" discussion.  It is a largely fruitless effort to change the underlying motivations for behavior. When a partner gets upset, screams, or whatever negative method they prefer they are trying to create incentive to prevent this sadness or anger from occurring again in the future. (Hey remember how angry she was last time I didn't clean the dishes...I did not enjoy the yelling.  I should make it so the yelling wont come back.) I would recommend aiming for task completion not motivation modification. 

Point 2: For tasks that require no real skill, Families should distribute evenly, but it is likely going to be distributed naturally to those who are aware AND care about the task in question until a system that reminds the derelict spouse of both the task itself and its importance to the other spouse. (i.e. the dishes are dirty AND my wife will feel happier when the dishes are clean)

When these issues are not addressed and understood it is very likely that emotions will develop that will prevent logical discussion of the underlying problems. Resentment will build in either partner when there is a perception of imbalance.

Sooo... Talk about the things each of you do for the family. Understand that there are some things that your partner sucks at less than you and make sure the task ownership is taking those comparative advantages into account. Share the workload. Remember that your partner can forget and probably just needs to be reminded that you care about this task.