I've been through something similar and I know there really isn't anything to say to make you feel better.  I've told the story before, but maybe you'll find something in it that reaches you.  

When I was in college, I met a girl that was perfect for me.  Before then and after then, I've never met anybody that I connected with so completely.  We went to different schools in different states, so we didn't get to see each other very much. 

 We talked on the phone a lot, instant messaged all the time, so it wasn't too tough.  Every couple of weekends one of us would drive to the other for a visit.  During breaks or summer vacation, we would spend as much time together as possible.

During the summer between our junior and senior years, we stayed at her parent's beach house - just the two of us.  I proposed and she said yes.  We spent the next few months planning the wedding, planning out our lives together.  We we're going to go to California, I was going to go to law school and she had a job lined up writing for a magazine.  It was going to be a great life.

Then my birthday came along in April, just a month before graduation and a few months before the wedding.  I wanted her to come visit me.  She said she had a lot of work to do and didn't have the time. I convinced her to come anyway.  So she was going to drive all night so she could be there.  On her drive up, she got into an accident and died.

I can't put into words how I felt.  I felt everything and nothing all at the same time.  I couldn't make sense of it.  When you're connected to somebody, you can't remove them from your life without ripping out a part of you.  I loved her and missed her, but I was mourning for the life that I had planned with her.  All the things we were going to do and the places that we were going to go and the family we were going to start - all that died as well.  

Thanks to a friend who stayed by my side nonstop for a month, I graduated a month later.  I decided that law school wasn't important anymore.  The day after graduation, I got into my car and drove.  At the end of every day, I would find a bar and drink until I passed out.  And I would wake up every morning and remember what had happened and my world would crumble all over again.  Then I would drive to someplace new.  

That was repeated for a year.  Until I looked into the mirror one day.  I looked so old, so sad, so bitter.  I realized that I had become somebody that she wouldn't love anymore.  And the last thing she would want was for me to be miserable.  She would want me to live my life.  Not the life that we had planned, but one that would make me happy.

I've thought about it over the years - how to describe the loss of somebody you love.  And the best I can come up with is it's like losing a limb.  The limb is gone and it's never coming back.  You'll always miss the limb but you learn how to live without it.  You might get an artificial limb, and it might be just as good but it will never be exactly the same.  That's the best analogy I can come up with.  You'll always be sad, it doesn't go away.  But you learn to live with it.  And you can still live a happy life even though the sadness is there.  

Your situation is different in that he committed suicide.  Loss is loss, but yours must be especially difficult.  I've been depressed over the years and have thought about killing myself.  I can tell you one thing, it wasn't because of you.  It wasn't because of a fight you had, it wasn't because he didn't love you anymore.  There wasn't anything that you could have said or done.  Despite all the great things in his life, there was something inside of him that was broken.  And if that thing is broken, all the great things in the world can't make it feel better.  Suicide is an irrational response, and it's impossible to make sense of it.  If a person could think clearly and foresee how it would affect the people they love, then nobody would commit suicide.  Unfortunatly, in that moment, people don't think clearly.  Don't blame him, the last thing he wanted was to hurt you.

You're in a tough spot - a place I wouldn't want anybody to be in.  You're still young and had a life with him planned out.  And you've been thrown into a place you didn't plan to be in.  A place without him.  You're life hasn't been taken away, just your life with him - and that can feel like the same thing.  

It will be difficult for a while, but you're strong.  Take it one day at a time.  It's okay to be sad.  It's okay to have days where you don't get out of bed.  It's okay to cry uncontrollably.  It hurts so much because you loved him so much.  That kind of love is something that not everybody gets, and someday you'll be able to look back fondly at it as a great part of your life that ended too soon.  

Don't feel afraid to ask for help.  Talk with friends and family.  Talk to a therapist.  Don't bottle it up because it'll eat away at you if you do.  

Most importantly, live your life.  I know it sounds impossible right now.  Give yourself some time and then force yourself.  Go out with friends, take up new hobbies, enroll in a class, anything.  You need reminders that there's still a world out there for you to experience.  A world that can make you happy again.  I promise you that he wants you to be happy, and that happiness is still possible.