My last significant other was a few years older than you, OP, and she was a virgin when we met. 

One time I picked her brain about former crushes and nothing came up. I asked her why she didn't date and she said she was busy with other priorities. It wasn't important.

She was very shy and hard to read on the first few dates and then she proved to be one of the most caring, ambitious and mindful women that I've ever met. She was far from shy, it turned out, which was almost a teeny disappointment because of my own experience with shyness but it was also hugely awesome, too. 

Our love was very sincere and adventurous and romantic. 

It took almost two months to find our sexual synchronicity but... Goodness, once we did... One thing about our breakup is that I no longer have days where I lost sleep both in the evening and in that same morning due to sheet tangling activities.

It meant a lot to me that I could help her discover a new side to her self and I was careful to follow Dan Savage's Campground Rule.

Which is all to say, OP, who knows? Asexual? Gay? Bi? Pansexual? Romantic/aromantic? I don't think you'll know until you know. So long as you're gentle with yourself and gently poke at your boundaries, you may very well figure this thing out. 

I think it helped that my ex had a good girlfriend who gave her advice and pep talks about upping the ante with me. I was also a late bloomer so I was really eager to pay forward my experience and knew to take things at her pace.

I'm proud of my ex for having the courage to up the ante with me on her schedule. It was very sweet when she told me on her own time that she was still a virgin. I can't remember my reply but I imagine it was a smile and a knowing nod and a "thank you for sharing that with me."

For what it's worth, we broke up amicably because our five year plans were not in sync. That was a bittersweet realization but it is nice to think that our relationship may have been the inspiration for her to have clarity about what she really wanted, which was marriage and motherhood.

I hope that you find what you need in order to discover this unwritten part of yourself. What an exciting adventure that could turn out to be!