Well, I, myself being one to always cause trouble on /r/india and the one who never turn down a discussion of women's situation in India, think that you are overlooking a bunch of stuff.  But being an expat myself (not from India, but still an expat), I can see how the comments of people from other countries regarding our home country could sound arrogant.  I can totally relate.  However:

What troubles me is that most of the time the rant does sound like an excuse, like a "don't talk about my problem when you too also have problems" but the fact is that stating a problem doesn't mean to say that other problems don't exist.  The rape in Delhi was a shock, but people who followed the treatment of women in India knew that it was nothing new.  And it is endemic, it is huge.  It is not intellectually honest to compare the US numbers with Indian numbers in any way, shape or form.   Especially now when marital rape, even forcible ones, cannot be classified as rape.  Especially when child marriage is still there, and especially when the Indian family structure and dynamics  do not allow for women to get out of abusive situations.  

I don't think the US is great in anyway,  to either resolve rape cases or prevent them, but I do think it is better than India, and quite frankly, I am tired of being called racist and ignorant every time I say this or anything else about India, accurate as my facts will be, I am still called that.  Not by you, OP, in other discussions I had before.  That totally sounds to me like excusing India's treatment of women.  And seeing a problem in a country and pointing it out is not racism.

I think the greatest concern now is the election of Modi, who is nationalist and has been called a Hindu extremist because this huge swerve to the right screams that minorities (women included) will probably suffer.  Globalization makes it as such that all eyes are now in all countries, and this election really worries some people, not only in the West, but in India as well. 


EDIT:  Multiple editings cause apparently I can't type today. 