There's a further reason to hide depression that I've seen in my family and other people around me:  We just want everyone to be happy.  We can't stand the thought of getting out of bed in the morning, we don't see the point of taking a shower even though it's been days, we can't bring ourselves to pay the bills even when there's enough money in the account.  But we don't want to bring you down, we don't want you to worry because of us.  Christmas is coming up, someone's birthday is next week, you've made plans for our anniversary.  So we smile and take our pills, or knock back a drink, and go through with it.  It's terrifying to think that our weakness could ruin your special moment when we know just how devastating that can be.  We hide our pain and feel more alone every day, and we forget how much you love us and what it would mean for you if we were gone.  The depression warps us, and one of the worst parts about it is that we don't know why.  We can't explain it.  We have an appointment for something we supposedly enjoy; instead we still haven't left the house, we're curled up in the living room watching Jeopardy and wishing we could make it to the car, and we have no excuse.  We just *can't*.  We can't tell you why because we don't understand it either.

I consider myself lucky every day, not because I beat my depression - I'm not out of the woods yet, I'm still fighting it.  No, I'm lucky because I was finally able to imagine on some level what losing me might do to the people who love me.  They've all been through so much already, and my god, what an asshole I would be to cause them more trouble and pain.  But it took me years to get to this point, and I can clearly remember clocking in for my first job - a job I enjoyed, even! - and being nearly crushed by the thought that I'd be clocking in to work somewhere every day for the rest of my life.  

As many times as I've pictured it vividly, I know I can't truly touch upon what OP is going through.  But I hope she is able to find and accept any help she might need.