Having been on weight loss programs myself, here's my advice:

Take it slow and steady. It's easy to try to starve yourself and lose as much weight as possible in a short amount of time, but that is NOT sustainable in the long run. If you set up a bunch of strict goals, you're setting yourself up for failure. In fact, you may even be purposefully sabotaging yourself because you WANT to see yourself fail.

In fact, I'd recommend not thinking about weight loss at all. Instead, think about being healthy. Constantly tell yourself that you're making a change for the better because you love yourself and you want to treat yourself right. If you start telling yourself that you hate who you are right now, stop that line of thinking right away and replace it with: the person I am right now is a STRONG person who wants to be more healthy and is making a positive change. If your parents are constantly hounding you about the weight, try to convince them that you're going to make positive changes but NOT because of your weight - rather just to be a healthier person. Encourage them to make positive changes to be healthier with you, so that you can support each other.

Finally, pick incremental goals, and don't do everything at once. A good first step might be just to track everything you eat. After two weeks or so of that, you can look at your habits and try to pick some easy goals. Maybe you notice that you drink a lot of soda, so you cut that down. Or you decide to just walk for 15 minutes a day. Easy goals that will help you build momentum and let you feel like you're achieving something.

As you start building momentum, focus on fitness and nutrition goals that will challenge you and show your progress. Like, walking a mile, or jogging for five minutes without stopping. Keep track of your personal records, and keep trying to beat yourself. I think a lot of people focus on weight because it's an easy number to track, but that fixation doesn't lead people to make healthy choices. Set a long-term goal, like finishing a 5k, and when you finally get there, it'll feel great! It doesn't matter what you weigh - if you're making a habit of jogging 5k, you're doing a lot for your own health and happiness.

Focus on making those changes lifetime habits, not quick fixes. Every time you want to make a change, ask yourself: can I live this way for my entire life? If the answer is no, then it's not a reasonable goal. If you're thinking about the goal: "I won't eat pizza for a month" but you can't imagine living your life without ever eating pizza again, you're setting yourself up to fail. Instead, think about minimum frequency you could eat pizza and still be happy (once a month?) and make THAT your goal.

**Tl;dr: focus on building healthy habits for life, not losing weight in the short term. And do everything out of love for yourself.**