I've had a certain amount of training and experience in family systems. A major element is dynamics: how do the members of the system interact, how do they stir up emotions in each other, how do they react to change, etc. Anything that affects one member of the system affects the entire system - the first hospital unit I was actually employed in had a mobile hanging in every room as a reminder of that.

See if you can explain to your boyfriend that this is not about "mental health issues," but rather about the dynamics between you. And between you and your family, and between him and his family, and how all those dynamics affect the two of you. When you're a member of a couple, it's hard to see how all these elements play out - that's what the systems therapist is for.

One example: an argument that a couple returns to over and over with no solution in sight. The dryer lint, the toilet seat, the checkbook, the chronic lateness - whatever. A systems therapist will try to help the couple stay curious and figure out where their conversation turns into an argument, and why.

Another example: one member of a family breaks out of a crazy family pattern such as drug/alcohol/food addiction. Untreated, unconsciously, the family will try to return to homeostasis, the familiar ways of interacting - including dysfunction. 

Final example, one I have seen many times: it's time for the youngest kid to graduate high school and leave the nest. No one has thought about it consciously or mentioned it before, but this means mom and dad will be alone together for the first time in years. If the mom and dad have a history of dysfunctional relationship, they will (unconsciously) do whatever they can to keep that youngest kid at home. The youngest kid will oblige by screwing up, failing senior year, getting arrested, falling into drugs, become depressed and unable to work... All because of the power of systems dynamics.

Oh, the other thing you might expect is the feeling that your therapist is no longer exclusively on YOUR side. Which can be very annoying, but it's worth talking about as the focus shifts from you to the dynamics between you and your SO.

Best of luck! Hope you both get some helpful insight.