I appreciate your input and I think I made some points wrong so I want to clear up some confustion.

> More people get their news from TV than from newspapers, especially young people,

Im not blaming young people for not knowing everything thats going on in the world.  Im just pointing out that atrocities to boys is not TV news worthy and thats why no one heard about it.

> It unfortunately happens every day close to home. People typically aren't being burned alive on purpose, but at least once a year a family near my parents burns to death.

Youre telling me a family near where your parents lives burns to death once a year and nobody investigates why that is happening?  There havent been any investigations into preventing it or anything?  Do you need a smoke detector?

> Selling young girls into sex slavery is the jackpot of shocking and sexy and innocent victims. Dying, even burning to death, is simply not as shocking

If they had sold boys into slavery would that have been shocking?  My point it was the gender of victims specifically that made this shocking.

> I'm not speaking for these women because I can't, but these are completely different types and lengths of suffering and I don't think we can say either is a worse fate than the other.

Being burned alive is worse.  Its not an oppression olympics but this is silly.  These girls may be rescued.

> That said, what specifically happened to these girls happened because they are girls. That makes it a women's rights issue. The fact that there is even a market for sex slaves is a women's rights issue in itself.

Yes thats right...because if they had been boys they would have burned alive because boys have no intrinsic value.  And it wouldnt be controversial because nobody cares.  But since they were girls it is a travesty and the west is outraged and we're moving to stop it.  You really cant see the teensiest bit of a double standard at play here?

All of those hashtags are bigoted.  First you are grouping people according to skin color or gender and then you are judging them all based on the actions of a few, you are assuming you know something of their life experience based on their skin color or gender and then you are shaming them.  Its bigotry 101.

Do you think if the nigerian terrorists had let these girls go like they have in the past and just continued to burn boys alive anyone would care?  Or should nigerian boys thank God the terrorists made this into a "women's rights issue" so maybe something would be done and they could inadvertently benefit?

Whats ironic is while we are talking about this, Im literally also having a discussion about male privilege and what a huge benefit it is to be a man.  Its hilarious.