I couldn't empathize with the person who wrote the essay very much. First, she talks about her pregnancy and how she personally rewrote all of the restrictions and recommendations for pregnant women. I don't think everyone follows *every* restriction. There are too many! But to rewrite everything as if you're an expert seems a little weird. She went on to talk about how the doctors were wrong about delivery and the nurses were wrong about lactation. 

Second, she goes off on the concept of "breast is best" because it wasn't best for her. I support her decision, but she negated to mention or perhaps comprehend the fact that the breast is best for the baby, and that's where the phrase comes from. Promoting breastfeeding and trying to normalize it is *because* it's better for babies. I'm not saying every woman has to do it. In fact, someone as miserable as her probably shouldn't. But I would think she can at least try to understand that it's a best practice for babies.

As for the size of her breasts, I don't think that should matter. Whether a woman has small breasts or enormous breasts, breastfeeding in public can be awkward. When I was breastfeeding, my breasts were squeezed tight in my 28H bra. So, I know what it's like to feel like you have pornstar-sized breasts when you're breastfeeding. I also know what it's like to not want to breastfeed in public. I'm just confused as to why that was such an issue. Was she dining out at a lot of sit-down, fancy restaurants with her hungry newborn? I'm not saying new parents *can't* eat at a nice restaurant, but I can say from experience that new parents don't tend to get out very much! I wasn't in a situation where I had to breastfeed either of my kids in public except for a few, fairly rare occasions (like at an airport, for example, when I was traveling for an extended time). 

Anyway, my opinion is that women aren't terrible people if they decide breastfeeding isn't for them. I just couldn't sympathize with the woman who wrote the article because most of what she wrote seemed like a lot of bullshit. 