Hmmm... I'm conflicted, I had to google what polyamorous meant. I can't tell if I disaprove or support it; I have so many questions. Personally, I wouldn't want to be polyamorous, and I would be offended/disheartened if someone I was with wanted to make our relationship polyamorous. Therefore, I wouldn't support it to protect my own interest and desires. I would want as many mates to choose from as possible that share the same views as me. However, I can accept a polyamorous relationship within my community, I can see the "pros" to it, and it really has little to no effect on my life what others do. In reality, those potential mates are fundamentally different than me in what they value and how they perceive the world around them.

I can only speculate, but perhaps my speculation can provide a little perspective. I imagine I would feel inadequate and jealous at times. As well, I could see another person in the relationship being a burden or inconvenience at times. It would be very difficult for me to share someone, or devote myself to two people as well. 

I imagine there is a hierarchy that is established-whether it be on a first come, first serve basis or capitalistic where the better, harder working partner gets the priority. And yes, there has to be priorities, for the case when both partners are drowning at the same time and you can only save one. Hmmm.... but you could always help the one you thought needed it more. Although, if the other one survived, they would be all like "Dude, WTF!"

Seriously though, this would be something that would have to be worked out. Everyone would have to be happy with their position for it to work-or not work as many relationships, regardless of their composition, are exploitative as opposed to mutually beneficial. It would be difficult to maintain this relationship for me, as naturally humans are self-centered. As I see it,

YOU live in YOUR world, concerned with the things that affect YOU. Even if you're a nice person making donations or helping others out you are doing so because that is what YOU want to do-there are a million reasons why you may want to be generous, some sinister, some noble, but the fact remains the same that, in some way, they offer value to the YOU.

The reason I believe relationships work in the first place the balance of give and take. You put effort in and get back things you otherwise wouldn't have. It's easier to balance a scale when there are two platforms to equalize as opposed to three or four. I'm not trying to say that polyamorous relationships are bad, I imagine they're just difficult. 

Plus, there is the social and cultural stigma... Oh those stigmas. All propagandists and what not, yeesh. Think if some of the opponents of your relationship were the pariah in a more accepting and open environment. Take pride knowing they couldn't handle it.

IMO, the effort outweighs the benefits, although for me even one person can be a bit difficult to maintain. 


I imagine the reason your family disapproves is a combination of them being ill-informed, wanting the best for you, and being self-centered in that they don't want the social stigma of being associated with your relationship. Hope this helps :)


