The single piece of advice I always give to new fathers of girls is this: be the man you want your daughter to one day marry, because chances are high that's exactly what is going to happen. If you ignore everything else, I feel this is the main thing you should internalize and make a part of who you are.

Beyond that: teach her that the quality of her life and how she views who she is determined be her, not the people around her. Show her that a relationship is meant to enhance your life, not completely take it over. Help her understand that love is important, but so are good friends, working hard and respecting others.

If you're not already comfortable with "girl stuff" like wiping front to back, tampons, birth control, IUDs, menstrual cramps, bras, chocolate cravings, period gas and on and on, you've got a decade+ to get to the point where you are. Mom will be the primary go-to on these issues, of course, but anything can happen between now and then. And even if everything works out and you stay with her mom and she doesn't have a job that requires her to travel and she and your daughter never fight and hate each other like almost every teen daughter and her mother seems to, you're still going to have to deal with the issues second-hand through your wife.

Also (and this applies to male and female children), make the things that are important to your children important to you, no matter how trivial you think it is. She likes My Little Pony? Welcome to the Brony-hood. She thinks One Direction is just the bestest thing in the history of ever? Time to learn their songs, my man. She thinks Legos are the greatest thing since the big bang? Well, dammit, then you're about to become a master builder! Treat all that stuff that seems inconsequential to you like it's the most important thing in the world. And here's why: because when she's 14 and her boyfriend is pressuring her to have sex before she's ready or she's 16 and her friend is trying to talk her into trying heroin or she's 13 and a girl at school is bullying her (you know the stuff that really IS important to us as parents), she's going to naturally turn to you with her problems, because in the past you've always treated what she says and does as important.