I completely agree that the divergence was in the prescription of how to deal with the world once you've swallowed the Pill. 

RP still rely on PUA tactics as a way to manage the hostile world of relationships and the natural battle of the sexes that they perceive. Rodgers found that Game didn't work for him so he rejected that solution, in fact, found it dangerously vulnerable. He spent a lot of time around incels who had a similar pessimistic and catastrophic outlook. I saw the same eugenics/rape camps idea on the Wizardchan forum for incels. 

But even though he argued for a different solution than Red Pillers do, I don't think they're that far apart. For one thing, he's a perfect embodiment of the [Dark Triad](http://illimitablemen.com/2013/11/17/understanding-the-dark-triad/) personality. RPers believe that getting as close to this personality as possible is the key to success, but the psychopathic triad element cannot be trained and may lead to extremes in those for whom it comes naturally. Like Rodgers who was a psychopath.

Both RPers and Rodgers believed that women are incapable of rational thinking and engage in constant attempts to wrest power from men. They both believe the key to this struggle lies in sexual dominance; women attempt to exert sexual dominance over men by rejecting the rightful status of the alpha who is owed sex on demand but because women are emotionally immature and think in a hamster wheel, men can naturally win this power struggle by being the alphas they evolved to be. RPers teach that women will fall in line and if every man swallowed the red pill the world would be as it should be. 

No there would be no rape camps or femicides - but not because RP philosophy has a problem with rape or the deaths of women. They don't care what happens to women and from what I've seen many of them use violence in their relationships and promote its usage. In their ideal world, women couldn't be raped because they would naturally submit, and there'd be no need to kill off the undesirable women because without feminism to give these women unwarranted power, they'd die off without breeding and take their faulty genes with them. In the meantime, there is no need for drastic measures to usher this new world along, because individual men can continue to run Game and spread the Red Pill. Evangelism and gaining control in their personal lives would be enough to change the world. A lot of fundamentalist religions operate this way.

But a psychopath with autism might struggle with the socially manipulative aspect of Game. He would miss all the cues needed to manipulate women into the casual sexual encounters that would prove his dominance to other men. Radical, more destructive approaches would appeal, and since he could not bring himself to follow anyone else's lead nor could he maintain emotional stability long enough to be a serial killer like a normal woman-hating psychopath he did this horrible thing.

As the Red Pill gains influence and spreads these ideas, women will suffer violence. It won't have to be mass shootings; rape and domestic violence are other ways to make a Red Pill world. 