I'm not a normal woman... and what I do is a rare example of a woman doing the same work as a man. I am the only girl on a crew of 30, and in my almost 10 years of working in construction I've always been a minority. 

I posted this picture to inspire other women who maybe have considered doing what I do, but don't believe they can do it physically or mentally. Not only is it totally possible to achieve success working in construction as a female, but it's very fulfilling... But people have to know that there are women out there who are blazing the trail for all the others to follow, because otherwise it will always be seen as an unachievable career choice. 

Bottom line, its unfortunate, but it is the way it is in this industry and I am an exception to the rule. If I weren't, it would be more like 50/50 men to women rather than 90/10. 

I believe this is why we should be posting MORE pictures like this, and showing the young ladies entering the workforce that you don't have to work in an office, or retail, or any of the other bullshit industries that are targeted towards women. It's showing women that they can do whatever the hell they put their mind to.

If I hadn't have had my mom show me from a young age that working in trades is awesome, lucrative, and completely achievable, I not have ever believed I was capable of doing what I do. If I hadn't have got into the workforce and been inspired by the odd female doing something more technical than me, I wouldn't have been driven to push myself into new areas of construction. If I hadn't have connected with other women in trades through social media or researched other success stories, I would have NEVER thought there were women out there doing kick ass things like driving heavy machinery, managing construction sites, or being in the field at large mining operations or oil fields. I'm working on high rises now, but my goal is to become a journeywoman electrician and work on offshore oil rigs with my rope access certification. Or maybe to get my heavy equipment operators license and drive machines so big that you need a fucking elevator to get into the cab. I wouldn't consider any of this if I hadn't been inspired by my peers enough to realize I'm capable of anything, female or not. It's not about giving stereotypes power or whatever you are trying to imply, its about inspiring others, because without that we would all be left thinking we are destined for the cubicle. 