I'll offer my take on your comment instead of merely downvoting you.

>People who want to turn a conversation sexual in no time flat with a woman and haven't yet tried the approach of dating or being friends first are not the mentally healthy people who will be cured by a quick lay.

You're right to describe these people as "not... people who will be cured by a quick lay," because *the only thing a quick lay cures is the desire for a quick lay.* I have multiple objections to the rest of this statement. 

I would assert that "people who want to turn a conversation sexual in no time flat" are merely broadcasting their intentions in an honest way. There are a variety of ways of doing this and they range pretty broadly in terms of tact, respectfulness, and explicitness. Of course, if the person in question is of sound mind and ethics, they will take whatever acceptance or rejection they receive at face value. Unfortunately this isn't always the case, and while I don't believe that is the majority, it's irrelevant to this discussion.

Secondly, "the approach of dating or being friends first" is one that works for some people, but not for others. Some people are too busy to date, or have no interest in it. Should they be forced to accept masturbation, abstinence, prostitution, or rape as their only means of sexual gratification? Of course not. The latter two of those options are far more damaging to individuals and society than "promiscuity". Regardless of your personal level of comfort with it, casual sex is something that some men and some women *are* interested in. For someone interested in casual sex to find a like-minded partner for the short or long-term, and have no interest in getting to know that partner on a less superficial level, the most honest and efficient way to do this is by broadcasting their sexuality. 

I doubt they will find much success, as even casual sexual relationships typically involve at least some sort of "screening" for certain personality traits, but the outcome is irrelevant to the fact that actions should be congruent to intentions. 

For people who *are* interested in dating or being friends first, it would be very stupid for them to sexualize conversations too early in the interaction, as that behavior is not congruent with their underlying intent. 

This leads me to the whole "friend" thing.

>All my boyfriends started out as friends, more or less. Maybe some made a move after being friends for only a few days, but they still waited. And people who tried to have sex with me during the first convo? They got nothing.

That is your personal experience. You are one person. The people who tried to have sex with you almost immediately were clearly looking for something different from what you were looking for. Better for both parties that they "get nothing", as you so tactfully put it. 

Which brings me to my next notion. If you're saying you personally prefer more "get to know you" before entering a sexual relationship, bravo. That's your preference and it's what works for you, but that isn't what works for everybody. Wouldn't it be incredibly disingenuous for someone who desires you sexually to approach you and attempt to *actually become your "friend"*, all along concealing their ultimate intent? 

It seems to me that you're endorsing the behavior that leads to that ridiculous, dreadful, avoidable, and outdated phenomenon men call "friend-zoning" and women call "exercising my right not to have sex with a creep who pretended to be my friend." The *best possible* outcome of this behavior you're encouraging is that this man's sexual desire for you diminishes, he *actually becomes your friend*, and then you begin a mature and healthy romantic relationship based on mutual sexual interest, having evolved from that friendship. I would argue that this is rare.

Please note that I do not reject the notion of "being friends first" categorically, only when it does not reflect the *actual*, mutual interests of both parties. I want my friends to be my friends because they want to be my friend, not because they desire me as a sex object. I believe that when healthy romantic relationships evolve from friendship, they evolve from *actual friendship.* Not the sad, chilling interactions we see where one party is sexually or romantically interested in another party that doesn't reciprocate that interest. This is an unhealthy and undesirable situation for both parties.

>My point is that this fear of never having sex if you are friends with a girl is so ridiculous.

Here again, I am troubled by this assertion. I would argue that "fear of never having sex" is *always* ridiculous when it's directed at a single individual, because it is a result of the very entitlement we see and hate in the case of Eliot Rodger and, unfortunately, so many other men (and women to a lesser extent).

If I as a man am *afraid* of never having sex with a particular woman, I'm removing her sexual agency, if only in my own headspace. It implies that I feel threatened or harmed by the idea that she might decide she doesn't want to partake in a sexual relationship with me. This is entitlement, and it is not to be encouraged.

Worse yet is the specific case of this "fear" occurring "if you are friends with a girl." Perhaps I am misreading your point, but it seems to me that you are suggesting that being friends with a girl does not preclude a sexual relationship. If sexual interest comes about as a result of an established friendship, so be it. It should either be i) forgotten, ignored, or suppressed, so as to preserve the friendship, or ii) acted upon honestly and without entitlement, with openness to and respect for the other party's reciprocation or lack thereof. 

Once again, if you mean *not* to discourage people from disguising their sexual intentions with the ultimate goal of acting on them, you are implicitly *encouraging* deception and the formation of mutually dissatisfactory interpersonal relationships.

Of course, this all occurs on a continuum, and that continuum is the reason society has established channels (some more patriarchical than others) of finding the line between sexual and non-sexual relationships. I would argue that *when your ultimate cause is a sexual relationship, you should only attempt to "get to know" someone insofar as you are actually interested in getting to know them.* For some people, that standard is met upon a cursory glance and is acted upon as "hi, I find you attractive, would you like to enter a sexual relationship", and for others it isn't met until after several months or years of courtship. The majority of positive sexuality occurs somewhere in between the former, which at best establishes a relationship of mutual sexual objectification, and the latter, which is largely unrealistic by the standards of the past two or three generations.

tl;dr People shouldn't hide their intentions when entering interpersonal relationships, especially when these intentions are teleologically sexual.

edited at 12:48PM EST for grammar and content.