Your mother is slightly crazy and is worried about you growing up too much too fast. She's also worried about boys.

Bra sizes are weird; even I don't understand them obviously because I still don't have any that fit. Ask a friend who has a cool mum to take you to get a fitting, assuming you're all on terms good enough for her to realize that your relationship with your mum's a bit strained over this. If that's not an option, you may have to just take some good friends and go yourself if there's really no way of getting your mother to get you fitted. Finding some educational resources on how bras work might help too. Unless she's just going to reply with "I'M YOUR MOTHER AND I KNOW BEST." 

NUMERO DOS. Some boys are going to hit on you whether you want them to or not. Thank society for that one. It will happen and unfortunately you need to be prepared. Carry the lion in your heart and know that when you're uncomfortable, it's perfectly okay to tell them to back the fuck off because you're not a piece of meat. You're a human being with feelings, dreams, hopes, and thoughts of your own. Cherish that. Envelope yourself in that. Be proud of that. It will be okay.

You are fine. Some girls take a long time to develop (I took.. three years? before it finally stopped) and some develop very quickly. If you notice any other changes like your periods get really weird or you start terribly reacting to everything emotionally all the time (not just on your period or right before it), you might want to check with a doctor to make sure your hormones are okay. But really, I think you're fine.

This is making ME want to get a fitting. I'll have to do that when I start getting a proper paycheck again.

If you ever have any questions, concerns, or just want to talk, you're more than welcome to PM me. I'm a girl, by the way. Girl? Young woman? I AM A CLUSTERFUCK OF DUST FROM THE STARS THAT HAS A CONSCIOUSNESS AND IDENTIFIES AS FEMALE. There we go. Long way of expressing that but it works?

LIONESS SUPPORT GO