I was 10, it was summer vacation, I was at home with my little sister and my parents were at work.  I went to the bathroom to pee, saw the blood, knew immediately what it was as we had a big talk about it at school in 4th grade.  My family is really weird and never talks about emotions or anything personal, so I didn't want to tell my Mom.  I stole some of her pads and continued stealing them / borrowing them from friends for the next TWO YEARS OF MY LIFE.  Finally, when I was 12, I was going to the doctor for a physical so I could try out for cheerleading.  It had become quite obvious that I had started going through puberty (I was already a B cup, had curves, etc) and I knew the doctor would know I was lying.  So, on the way to the doctor, I finally told my Mom.  Her first comment was "oh, thank god, I thought your father was cheating on me when I found used pads in the trash can."  Really, Mom?  Not that one of your pre-pubescent daughters had started her period?

In relation to this, my Mom never used tampons so they weren't around the house, and they kind of freaked me out.  Finally, one day in 9th grade I started my period at school and needed a pad.  My friend only had a tampon.  I was like *sigh* okay I guess it's time to try this.  I borrowed it and went to the bathroom during science class.  I thought that the applicator was supposed to stay inside of you.  I spent like 20 minutes jamming it back into myself trying to get it to stay, and finally went back to class with it half in.  We were watching a movie that day, and everyone stared at me when I came back because I had been gone for so long, and I was probably walking weird.  I sat down and whispered to my friend that I couldn't get the applicator to stay in.  She busted up laughing.  Went to the bathroom after class got out, took applicator out, all was good.  Never used a pad again, but for like a month I could not mentally get over the fact that the applicator wasn't supposed to stay in.  All along I thought that was like a necessary part of the tampon in order for it to function.

Good lord.