I mean no offense but I think some people are misunderstanding my point. I'm getting messages telling to become physically strong or just not let it bother me because it's not my fault and stuff like that.

Firstly, I know it's not my fault. Rationally, I know it's not my fault. Their behaviour will still bother me though. In some way I think not being bothered by it is worse because it very much is something bothersome. It's wrong for women to be treated this way and I'm not going to brush it off and simply try not to be bothered by it. I'm not posting here looking for a solution and a guide to being okay with this. This treatment of women is not okay and I want it to not exist, I don't want to learn to excuse it and try to live with it.

Secondly, I wasn't necessarily saying I feel physically threatened all of the time. I don't. Of course a lot of the times I have this thought in my head that if there were less people around, my harasser would probably assault me or rape me. But this isn't solely where the anxiety comes from. Reassuring myself in my head that I can fight people wouldn't fix anything. The depression and anxiety about this treatment I receive comes from the fact that it simply exists. It makes me hate humanity, society, and the men I encounter. It's not all simply about feeling unsafe, although that is a factor.

Even if I was a world renowned boxer, all this harassment would still mess with me.

It takes a mental toll. It's like that feeling when you're having a bad day and stuff just keeps going wrong, and you feel a little hopeless because everything sucks and you're tired, and "why me?". It's like that feeling all the time. Like I'm constantly being punched down into the ground metaphorically and I can't catch a break. Every time I go outside.

I know everyone here means well, and I'm greatly thankful for the support I've gotten. I know it's tempting to try to solve the problem when someone is sad and it might feel trivial to just leave a response expressing support without a solution; but it's not trivial. The support helps an un-quantifiable amount.

I was just venting. I don't expect a solution by any means.

I don't know if there is a solution. I can't control the behaviour of these men that harass me. If there is a solution, it certainly won't be simple. It will be long and gradual and would involve reforming society.

Again, I was just getting this off my chest after a bad day, and I knew I wouldn't be judged too harshly here. I don't have anyone I can talk to about this in the outernet so to speak.