It might be slightly off topic, but for those who might feel guilty and selfish for having abortions, **I want to give my perspective from the daughter of a teen mom.**

Long story short, my mother had me when she was 16, just turned 17. She was not ready at all. Basically my biological father was never in the picture, merely just what we call a sperm donor...

Anyway, to keep it simple, if I had been in her shoes having grown up like I did, I would never have kept me. I would have much preferred her to have an abortion. She wasn't ready for a baby; mentally, financially, none of that. I grew up in unstable conditions, without a father, with someone who still needed to grow up themselves.

A friend once asked me about it all, asking me if I ever ended up pregnant with a baby would I keep it or have an abortion? Frankly, I do whatever I can to limit the potential of it even ever being an option I'm faced with, but my answer was simply, yes, I'd have an abortion. I need to be ready. I personally feel like its almost selfish to bring a baby into this world when you aren't ready for it. I'm glad I'm here, yes, but if I were able to go back in time, from a third party perspective knowing how life turns out, I would tell her to not have a baby. She should not have kept me! I think my religious grandparents had some influence into her decision to keep me as well, though I have never outright asked.

Anyway, that's just my opinion but I feel like it gives a bit of perspective. If I didn't have the inherent traits and personality I have, I'd most likely be a meth-addict crackwhore living on the streets given my living situations and childhood. My mother did the best she could, but she was not ready. She suffers to this day with mental, physical and emotional problems. I don't think it stems from her having me, but I think it plays a part in her lack of 'growing up'. Put simply, I was more mature and wise than her at the age of 13. I could make better decisions and choices. She should NOT have had me.

All this said, there are always different circumstances. Whatever YOU decide to do, you have my full support. I really think that nobody should be shamed into making such a heavy decision because really, all it hurts in the end is another human being, not you and your beliefs. **Don't let anyone persuade you to make such a heavy choice, because in the end you are the one that has to deal with it.**