I still haven't decided how I feel, but I'll play devil's advocate again.

"It makes people uncomfortable," should be a good reason for those who respect the feelings of others, though. The mother and child are not the only ones in this situation, and if mother and child can feed and be fed in a way that doesn't disturb other people, shouldn't that be the way to go? Other people matter. It is easy to say "you're stupid" and disregard other people's point of view or preferences, not so easy to realize we are all different and all have reason to believe the way we do, and sometimes neither viewpoint is stupid - just different. 

The public also did not choose to have a child. The mother did, in full knowledge of the sacrifices both parents would have to make for it. This is simply life, fair or unfair. Railing against it seems like a waste of energy. Breast feeding in public is not the sole reason a woman is not going to go out much after having a child. Taking care of a newborn is rough work, all while you're probably sleep deprived. Lugging 10lbs around with you from store to store doesn't sound attractive to a lot of people. It doesn't to me. When I'm sleep deprived, I don't feel like doing anything, let alone pushing a child around while doing it. Haha. These are sacrifices and this is the hard work that you have to put in when you become a mother. It won't be the last, or even the first thing you sacrifice for your child, since pregnancy is a sacrifice in itself. 

And it is probably normal to feel a bit of entitlement after making the sacrifices of time and work associated with caring for an infant. But a person should care about being polite to others - and I'm not just talking about women and breast feeding here - everyone should care how other people might feel about the actions they perform in public. And yes, that means on holding back with PDA, for example. Kissing is normal and natural but there are plenty of people who just don't want to see it. Talking and laughing with your friends while watching a movie could be considered fun if they're in the privacy of their own homes, but in a theatre it is seen as obnoxious and rude by fellow movie-goers.

There is a solution in all this where all parties involved can be happy. At our mall, we actually have this at the central restrooms... a separate room from the bathroom where you can feed and change infants. It makes a lot more sense to campaign for something like this to become standard, and I could see a lot more people jumping on board with it who wouldn't be on board with changing their opinions about breast feeding in public.