With statements like “This is the hardest thing I’ve ever done in my life” I feel like your girlfriend is overwhelmed, and although it sounds counter intuitive, I think she’s overwhelmed from a LACK of information. Or at least correct information.

I’m not a doctor, I’m a medical admin, but we discuss this process with patients on a daily basis. I’m also a 24 year old girl who’s had a colposcopy myself, so I know it can be scary/uncomfortable. But knowledge is power, and understanding may help her feel more comfortable with this process. 


Two things I’d tell her if she were one of our patients:

A-	I’d clearly explain the structure of the cervical cancer screening program. And how important it is for patients to follow through.

And B- I’d stress to her just how insanely COMMON these abnormalities are. They appear ALL the time. Often ASC-US cell abnormalities resolve on their own, but the screening process shouldn’t be brushed off either. It’s important to have follow up tests and confirm. Especially if you have a family history.

HPV is a slightly different story. If she did get a positive HPV result, she needs to understand that that’s not a cancer diagnosis. How many PAPs has she had? When did they do the HPV testing? Some patients hear ASC-US and equivocate with HPV so it’s important to confirm that she WAS tested for HPV and was specifically told about that result. They’re two different things.

I’m Canadian, and work in a clinic in Canada. This is the structure of our cervical cancer screening program, so there may be mild differences if you’re from the states. Not sure.  

ASC-US (Atypical squamous cells of undetermined significance) – This is the lowest grade of severity, and the most common. It means that mild cell abnormalities were noted. If a PAP comes back with this result, then the next step is to repeat the PAP in 6 months. (More often than not, the cells resolve on their own, and a follow up PAP will come back clear.) They don’t always test for HPV at this stage, so I’m confused by your girlfriend’s timeline. How many PAPs has she had? When did they do the HPV testing? It’s important to confirm that she WAS tested for HPV and was specifically told about that result.

If the follow up PAP comes back with the same result (ASC-US) patients will be referred for a Colposcopy.

A Colposcopy is a fancy PAP test. It’s extremely comparable, as far as the patient experience goes. It’s as awkward and weird as a PAP, but it’s also just as painless. (Been there, done that. I promise, not scary.) 
They start by using a solution, a liquid, It’s comparable to that Blue Agent Listerine that shows where the plaque is on your teeth. It just highlights where they should select samples from. A small scope is used for a better view / light. This doesn’t hurt. Swabs are done from different areas of the cervix, just like a PAP but sometimes more swabs, like 5 or 6. If you’re relaxed, it’s honestly painless. Sometimes they might spot lesions that have developed, and remove / biopsy those during your colposcopy appointment for further testing. 

After the appointment most people are fine. Sometimes you might have some spotting or discharge for a few days, mainly if they took additional samples. Some patients also might experience a day or two of cramping, comparable to being on your period. You shouldn’t have sex for a week or so afterwards.

Colposcopy results are handled in a similar fashion, with a period of retesting and then management.

My explanation here is even briefer than a Coles note version. I’ve got handouts with more information here that I’ve scanned here if you think she would read them. 

It’s a weird balance- basically, she NEEDS to take this seriously but also shouldn’t be freaking herself out. She NEEDS to be seen for a colposcopy. ASC-US and even HPV results aren’t the worst thing that can happen here, this is the time where preventative action can save her a lot of problems down the road. Don’t use fear tactics here, but seriously…she needs the colposcopy.


THINGS YOU CAN DO

Be supportive.

Be as clear as possible, remind her that you’re her cheerleader.
You aren’t there to push her in an aggressive way, but you’re there to push FOR her, when she should be pushing for herself. 

YOU need to be vaccinated for HPV. Even if it turns out that she doesn’t have HPV, even if you’ve never had unprotected sex in your life you should be getting the vaccine. A lot of patients don’t realize that men should be getting it too, but an increasing level of laryngeal & throat cancers are being traced back to HPV, likely transmitted through Oral sex. 

Gardasil is a series of three injections, over a period of 9 months (I think 9….maybe 12) and it’s about 200.00$ but covered by most health plans AND being provided in schools here in Canada. Get the vaccine, set a strong example for her and show her that you care about preventative health measures. She should too. 

Feel free to PM me if you have other questions.

HANDOUTS

Link to some helpful Colposcopy Info- http://www.acog.org/~/media/For%20Patients/faq135.pdf?dmc=1&ts=20140513T1752117803

Link to management of PAP results protocol (Canadian) *I'm sorry this one sucks so hard, it's a scan.
http://imgur.com/0vTVGQk
