Your friend needs professional support. 

Talk to your friend in a non-confrontational, calm and reassuring manner that you are really concerned for their wellbeing. She's clearly experiencing great distress, and she would benefit from help to get through it.

You need to tell her that many of the things you are witnessing are consistent with mental ill-health, and that's ok. 1 in 4 people experience mental ill-health in their lifetime so it's not unusual, but like diabetes, or a broken leg, it is best to get medical support rather than trying to manage it yourself.

(As I'm not sure where you live, I hope the following is correct. I am Australian so hope your health system is similar).

Tell her that you think she should go and see a doctor. Find a number or two (ideally a doctor that specialises with women or young people but not necessary) and have them ready. Then talk her through the process of getting help. It should (may) look like this.

At the appointment, your friend will be asked why she's there. She should share  issues with food and self-harm as well as issues with self-esteem or anxiety/unhappiness. Encourage her to be honest, it's ok. Doctors have seen everything and won't be shocked at all. They also don't judge. The most important thing is to be honest.

The doctor will then do a [K-10](http://www.beyondblue.org.au/the-facts/depression/signs-and-symptoms/anxiety-and-depression-checklist-k10) which is a quick Q&A to establish how in distress your friend is. It's nothing too personal, but it will help the doctor ascertain where her head is at.

Then the doctor will write a mental health plan. This will summarise your friend's issues and outline steps for getting better. It could include a referral to a counsellor/psychologist/psychiatrist. It could include medication. It will likely include follow-up appointments with the doctor. 

Here's the important thing: she doesn't have to do anything she doesn't want to do. Whatever is in that plan is simply what the doctor recommends. Her care is in her hands, there is no pressure.

People worry they'll get locked up in a loony bin. A doctor is required to alert authorities if they believe a person is likely to suicide or harm another person (which, in my opinion, is reasonable). Other than that, it's like any other illness, working together to find solutions.

It's also important to gently remind her that mental illness is treatable. It's not a life-sentence. People can and do recover all the time from depression, anxiety, eating disorders, self-harm. With professional support, she can get the help to heal and get better.

The scariest thing is that first step. People worry they'll be judged, or not believed. But most doctors have seen it all and very little phases them. Ask her if she'd like you to make the appointment, or go with her. Offer help but don't put pressure. She may not want to go today but maybe next week. Help her understand that mental ill-health is a medical problem and she's not alone.

If you're not Australian, I would strongly encourage you to google phrases such as "supporting a friend mental health" or "worried about a friend mental illness" etc. It will hopefully brings up guidance relevant to where you live. Or call a mental health / suicide help line, they have great resources at their fingertips that they can provide to you, to provide to her.

The best thing you can do is to open the pathway towards professional help. If she refuses, that's ok, don't force her. 

Also, look after yourself. It can be very demanding looking after someone else so make sure you're taking care of yourself.

Here are some good tips: 

http://www.youthbeyondblue.com/help-someone-you-know/supporting-a-friend

http://www.mentalhealth.gov/talk/friends-family-members/index.html

http://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/bhcv2/bhcarticles.nsf/pages/Mental_illness_family_and_friends?open





