What the fuck was the point of making TwoX a default subreddit anyway?

Most of the users on reddit are male and they heavily dominate a lot of the conversation on any of the 'main' or default areas.
I have unsubsrcibed from a lot of the 'big content' on reddit - AskReddit, IamA etc because of just how much SHIT gets upvoted there.
Constantly there are sexist, misogynistic, vitriolic, prejudice bullshit massively upvoted and tolerated in those spaces.
Whenever rape is mentioned, the conversation gets derailed into FALSE RAPE ACCUSATIONS and it seems every fucking guy on reddit has been accused of rape or has a friend who was accused of rape because "the girl regretted it the next day".
Comments that are identified as coming from female users get downvoted into invisibility for no reason. 
Men feel free to right misogynistic vitriol without consequence, but if someone rights a well-crafted response, or a question as to why that comment is acceptable, they get downvoted into invisbility.

Then there is the old favorite "Equal Rights, Equal Lefts!" which gets a LOT of traction on reddit, with men gleefully upvoting gifs/videos/stories about women being hit and 'put in their place' because they deserved in.
Instead of condemning violence, they celebrate it - PARTICULARLY when it's a women getting hit and they can justify that she deserved it or 'she started it'.  Righteous retaliation is their game.

But it's more then that.  It's more than hateful or violent comments.  It's also the disregard of female comments or perspectives:
 "Already checked guys, no gonewild posts"  to a womens comment.

Just yesterday in a HISTORY subreddit - where people post pictures of old cars, or old city scenes, things off historical interest - someone posted a picture of a group of women from a sorority from 1910 - interesting picture - and the thread was full of comments (and at the top voted sections) about how they were ugly, and 'why don't I find these girls attractive?' - all about their looks, people lamenting that they aren't attractive enough, lamenting their lack of fuckability, and rating them based on their preferences, including one person saying "oh, i don't know... third on the right has monster tits' which someone replied "also a  monster face though".  

That's a history sub.

That kind of shit is RIFE across reddit.  AskReddit is a fucking cesspool of sexist shit, and trojan horse bigotry.

And now, twox has been made a default for a website on which it's not a representation of the bulk of the users and has exposed it to the bullshit of trolling, pathetic men.  People whos lives are so desperate and sad, that they get off on writing fucked up comments on a womens subreddit as a way to feel power over women, even though it's a faceless anonymous interaction.  That's how utterly pathetic these gnats are.

Reddit justifies the existence of disgusting, violent subreddits "cutedeadgirls" , that old POS 'creepshots' that feature women, or 'pussypass' used to bang on about how women get a pass for things simply for being women - a cesspool of uninformed sexism and the list of sexist, hateful, violent shit could go on.  How would they feel about the existence of threads that objectified men or treated htem in a violent manner?   What if   r/KillMRA existed?     Or  r/RedPillSuicide?     r/UselessMen?
Yeah I bet there'd be an uprising.