I've had two, with no regret whatsoever.

The first was when I was nineteen,  due to a broken condom and me being a twit thinking I didn't need the morning-after pill. So my then boyfriend (now my best friend) and I agreed instantly that we wouldn't be having a child. I went to the doctor, who referred me to a clinic where they have me the first of the two pills. I had to come back in two days for the next pill, which would get everything out of me. 

No pain with the first pill, but right before I went to the next clinic I bleed heavily. Didn't think much of it and carried on. So then I get the next pill, and I have to stay in a ward while it does its thing. The pain is EXCRUCIATING after that one. I walk around trying to help the pain stop but eventually just curl up and sleep through it. 

By the end of the day all I've passed is blood and the thing (can't remember the actual name) that you generally pass AFTER the foetus. So they send me home and schedule me for a trans-vaginal ultrasound in a couple of days to check if it's all come out. The ultrasound is administered by a lovely doctor who tells me that I'm all-clear. 

Then I remember the blood in the toilet the morning of the second pill. Oops. I must have flushed the damn thing without checking.  Go home, the man and me laugh for weeks about it. 

Second time I'm 23 and get pregnant on my period (with a new bf), then mistake implantation bleeding for a period two weeks after. Because I am an IDIOT I let things get to almost ten weeks before seeing a doctor. Luckily, she is awesome andI'm booked into the hospital the next day. After that,  I have the general anaesthetic and they d+c me. Wake up, have a sandwich and go home. Some pain, but less than one of my regular periods. They also put in the copper coil while I was under so I don't have to go through this again. 

10/10 would do both again. I'm now happily married and looking forward to being in a place where we can plan a wanted baby. Thank you so, so much NHS. I hate a bunch of things about the UK, but I will go to the wall to defend those doctors and nurses. 