>They will do a chore, if asked to do it. 

This one's pretty easy. Explain to him what you said here: he wants to help but doesn't always know/notice what needs doing, and you don't want him to feel like you're trying to be his mom, so you want to come up with a chore schedule to make it easier for everyone. Then it's obvious what needs to be done and nobody has to nag anybody. Discuss together the chores that need doing - indoor AND outdoor, big and small, weekly/monthly/yearly, and no expecting him to help with inside chores but leaving all the car fixing and lawn maintenance and repair work to him! - and come up with a schedule together. A weekly schedule to cover the basics can be stuck on the fridge; you can write bigger jobs on your calendar and figure out how to tackle them as they come up. 

>They will make dinner, if you tell them what to cook. If you tell them to "think it up" they will usually default to one recipe they know well. 

This is typical for people who do not know how to cook. Hell, I've been cooking for many years and I still have days where I don't know what to make and just revert to old tried-and-true meals. That's one of the things about being married - sometimes you have boring/stressful/terrible days that end with boring meals. It won't always be exciting and the food won't always be inspired.

Watch some cooking shows together, and cook some meals together so he can learn the basics. You could try having a "theme night" for a while to see if that helps. Mondays can be casserole night, Tuesdays are soup, Wednesdays are Mexican, you get the picture. That might help him know what direction to go - if he knows it's Italian day that limits the choices. I've started doing that myself for the summer (we homeschool; our kids are done their work until the fall, and we no longer have a routine...I've been floundering a bit!) and so far it's been seriously helpful.

>They will swing by the grocery store, but they have no idea what's in the pantry and what we might need.

Keep a grocery list on the fridge or counter that you add to as you run out of things. I'd be freaking lost without my grocery list - I wouldn't know half of what I needed to buy, and yet I'm the one who does all the cooking. Then if he needs to run to the store he's got a list to take. 

>My big question is this: how do we start our relationships right, and communicate this problem to them, without sounding like we aren't grateful that they are willing to help? I want to be a wife, and I want to keep my career, and I don't want to be his mother. I think he wants that too. Help, please.

I think you should talk to him about it like you talked to us here - it's obvious that you want to help him and that you don't think less of him because he has not been as well prepared as you have. It's obvious that you respect him and don't want to have to nag him to do stuff. Make sure he knows all of that. It's really important for you both to make your expectations clear where these things are concerned before you get married. Make sure you ask him how he feels and what he expects too. And make sure you let him do stuff his way - if he feels like he's always doing things wrong, or like you are always finding fault with the way he does it, he's not going to be eager to help. This will be even more important if you guys ever have children someday.

Good luck, and congratulations on your upcoming marriage! It's pretty awesome being a wife, I have to say.  :)