If the therapy "isn't helping", it's not the right therapy for you or may not be the right therapist.  Have you talked with your therapist about how you feel it isn't helping?  It is entirely OK to fire your therapist and find someone else who suits you better.  Look for cognitive behavioral therapy (focusing on addressing your thought patterns/perceptions of your situation, teaching you tools to address situations outside of therapy).  A good cognitive behavioral therapist will help you define goals for therapy and routinely take stock of those goals, and what steps you can take in and outside of therapy to achieve them.

The feelings you are describing are remarkably similar to what I have felt when dealing with clinical depression.  Depression isn't all sobbing-in-a-pillow sadness, a lot of it is characterized by an inability to feel happiness and an emotional numbness.  Medication can help but it may take several tries to find a medication that works appropriately for you.  It also may take 6 or more weeks on a medication to have a difference (and it may not even be you that notices the difference, your fiance and friends may notice before you do, as it can be gradual).

I have struggled off and on with depression and have generalized anxiety disorder (which is constant but gets better and worse throughout certain times, particularly in times of stress).  The things that have helped me a lot are: A) Remembering to be kind to myself.  Beating yourself up over not finding joy in your life does nothing to improve the situation.  B) Finding a few small things that I take pleasure in, and indulging in them as often as possible (think of this as a continuation of point A).  Cuddling with my cat on weekend mornings makes me happy?  I make time for that, without fail, at least one morning out of each weekend.  Even if it means turning down social obligations sometimes.  I also find a lot of joy in creative/crafty projects, and they alleviate my anxiety issues, so I invest a lot of time in knitting.  C) Spend some time thinking about what you really want.  If you could be doing anything in the world, what would it be?  What about that scenario do you find most compelling?  This would be a good thing to explore in therapy with a therapist, as the additional perspective might be helpful.  Maybe you have a vision of lounging on a beach in Tahiti with fruity beverages, but what is really attractive about that situation is the freedom from everyday stressors and obligations.  If that is the case, try to find ways to minimize the things causing you the greatest stress - and if that is your "great" job, that's okay.  Your mental health is more important than a fancy paycheck.