People were outraged that his family had made contact to the police and nothing came of it.  People still are.
I posted about it - generally confused as to why the police couldn't do anything.  Rodgers said the police talked to him for  'a couple of minutes outside' after his parents had made reports/complaints to them.  A COUPLE OF MINUTES!?  Is that really long enough to get a hold on the situation?

I think why the misogynistic elements got a lot of traction was because, here, on Reddit, I have absolutely seen, more times that I can count the EXACT sentiments that Rodgers discussed/posted about - posted on reddit, on default subreddits with many many upvotes and replies supporting the OP.

Because... Rodgers sentiments are a sentiment that has prevailed, OUT IN THE OPEN on default areas of Reddit.

Does that mean that every pos that has posted like that is dangerous in real life?  No, but it does show how far that particular line of thinking can go.
And the discussions get pretty violent, or at least, gleefully delight in violent encounters towards women.  Before I unsubbed from a lot of the main areas, I saw plenty of crap about "Equal Rights, Equal Lefts" - where they would celebrate tales of 'justice', and post gifs and videos of women getting beaten up by men - these were moments of justice because the woman in question had been yelling and causing a massive scene or struck the man first -so they had 'just cause' to celebrate her being punched and knocked out by someone with a foot of height and 80lbs weight advantage on her.

The sadistic glee with which they talk about getting 'justice boners' and 'equal right equal lefts' chants, and slowing the video down, and posting pictures of just the moment she got hit, shows just how much these guy revel in the idea of violence towards women, and 'getting one back' or 'putting them in their place' as they like to say.

There is a culture on reddit of righteous retaliation.  Women always get a pussypass when they do something wrong, but these bitches who never give me a chance are going to get one back now!  And that's exactly the sentiment Rodgers had, but taken to the extreme.
Actually many of the school/spree-shootings have come down to the same sentiments, of 'retribution against a group that wronged me' and women are more often than not, targets of that, due to a failed relationship, or those popular girls not liking me etc etc.

