To add my own story: I'm overweight and I have an unrelated problem that I'm trying to prove is not caused by the overweight-ness by losing weight. I was also getting married and as much as I didn't want to stress about losing weight, I wanted to lose weight.

I went to the doctor to deal with some loose ends (exercise induced asthma + exercise to lose weight = ugh, among other things) and then I just took it one day at a time. I didn't set any calorie/pound goals. No diet (but I don't eat many sugary things or drink soda). I only walked more if I could (like parking further away, or getting off a bus stop early) since I couldn't work out easily because I had bronchitis, and I just ate less of the food on my plate telling myself that it was okay to leave leftovers and put it in the trash. To track my walking I have a fitbit. Eating less was a problem but I got used to it slowly, and I tried my best to not buy bad snacks (oreos, ice cream) so I'd have to walk to the market and get a little exercise in if I wanted a bad snack.

My dress kept slipping down on me all day long at my wedding and so I now have a bunch of wedding pictures where you see my black corset under my dress...because in two months I lost almost 20 pounds, and my little body fat measurement device thinks most of that was straight up fat. It's a mixed blessing.

I'm back up like 5 pounds because I ate with reckless abandon on my honeymoon (strawberry pound cake any time via room service and frozen cocktails on a cruise are terrible), but now I'm trying to do it again with my husband since he also needs to lose weight. It's like a 2-3 week hump or so where you really feel the pain of not eating as much, and once you're past that it becomes easier.

You can do it. You can get help if you need, too, and it doesn't make you a terrible person. I wasn't overweight enough to qualify for the medically-supervised diet plans but you can look into those if you want something guaranteed. Otherwise it's a slow process, but don't forget to reward yourself (I had a pint of Cherry Garcia this past week since I have a cold and it was hot) and don't kick yourself if you screw up here and there. A day to day laid back approach makes it much more doable than to be like "I want to lose 50lbs in a few months!" and then despair every time you miss a goal.