Wedding dress for you. This will take a bit of work but find a good alterations person. Find a dress that you like at a thrift shop and have it fitted. Getting a dress that is just a little too big is much cheaper than one too small when it comes to getting it altered. If you can find one that the hem line is the right lenght it will save you even more. Things like taking off sleeves and lace is much cheaper than getting it put on. Try to find a dress that isnt damaged or stained, cleaning and fixing actual problems is way more money. Buy your shoes before you buy the dress and take them to every time you will be trying on the dress. It will save a lot of time. Do NOT wait until the wedding is almost here to get a dress and have it altered, you should have the shoes first and the dress second before you get anything else, last minute alterations will cost you far more, give them at least two months to get it done. I dont recommend buying a dress online, just because it may not be what you expected when you get it.

A place to have the wedding. Try a park. They dont have large fees and as long as you clean up after there shouldnt be any problems. Or a backyard wedding or a small local church. If you really want indoors, call everywhere that has a space big enough, sometimes bars or local 'lodge' places will be cheap enough.They should be able to take care of seating and tables for you.

The smaller the better. The more throwaway the better. You may *want* fine china and glassware but plastic cups and paper plates wont dent your budget nearly as hard. No one will remember the decorations, they will remember the fun and the people. 

Everyone else clothing. Try not to have a certain color, just ask people to wear something nice. For suits, go to department stores or you can try thrift shops but it is harder to find mens formal stuff.

For food. This is a huge expense for any wedding. The cheapest way to go is have a potluck. Write a (cheap) menu out and ask people to bring an item from your list and rsvp with what item they will be bringing. No steak and lobster here, potato salad, grammas upside down cake, aunt Sue's deviled eggs. 
This goes best with a park or backyard wedding, if there are grills available why not make it picnic themed and have burgers and hotdogs? Chips and dip.

Make the cake yourself. Your wedding cake can be under 50$. A good deal of people make cakes and charge a fortune, but use boxed mix from the store. You can bake, cut, layer, and ice your own cake. Plenty of ideas for cakes online and how to's to decorate. The big thing is keep it cold, keep it simple ( plain cake with real fresh flowers is great) and keep it in pieces that you put together onsite so it wont be able to fall over. 

You really can do all this super cheap, just ask yourself if you really need it, if there is a cheaper way, and what is more important, getting married or a pretty wedding.  