i didn't interpret the above as suggesting that there should be repercussions... just that for people in positions of social power there often aren't repercussions for humiliating the weak. If we are honest with ourselves and remember the times we've humiliated others, we all know that doing so makes us feel good about ourselves. That's why people do it... even if we remember those events with some guilt or shame.

I read the manifesto and watched the videos too. Clearly there is something more deeply wrong with this kid beyond the twisted red-pill ideology he took his unhelpful solace in. /u/funroll-loops seems to be arguing that the best individual response to tragedies such as this one is to reflect on how our own behaviors contribute to a culture that produces such messed up people as Rodgers. 

I want to tell a little story. When I was in year 11 I remember a new kid came to school who'd been home schooled up until then. I won't go into the details but he was extremely confused and anxious about sex and sexuality and despite trying his best to make social connections was routinely humiliated. Since I could empathize with his marginalization (and also all my good friends had dropped out of school) we became friends. I introduced him to my out-of-school circle and we tried to look after him because he was a good man and an interesting character. We also made fun of him all the time in our Aussie country-blokish mode of socialization and homo-social care. That probably hurt him more than we realized. The long and short of it is that when university etc separated us after high school and he didn't have any social support he started getting weird. He wasn't able to make the kind of social connections that he'd had with our little posse. He was socially alienated. When we spoke on the phone (often, because one friend and I were quite worried about him) he'd tell as tales about going to prostitutes and swinger parties. I don't know if they were true or what. He was probably trying to establish some kind of sexual identity that to his mind was respectable. Within months he dropped out of uni and joined the navy and pretty soon he was dead. The navy said it was "unnatural causes" which I assume means he topped himself. I guess the point of this story is that when young men are particularly confused about sex and sexuality and are also extremely socially marginalized to the point of alienation it does them massive damage. In the words of my mate from the old posse, the moral is: "always look after the stragglers". 