As a man who grew up with the feminism of the 80s and 90s I couldn't agree more with this comment.  I wish your message was echoed more.  I'm glad they made 2X a default sub because I do see that thinking echoed more on here than on other parts of the internet and that encourages me.

I think in modern parlance I would be considered a "hippy-dippy feminist" or a "Kumbaya feminist".  I still consider that I'm a feminist but I now find myself wary of identifying as such in some circles as it has become such a loaded term and that saddens me. In some circles it seems I have to prove that I at least tolerate the hatred of men before I can be considered a feminist.  And that's assuming that men are allowed to be feminists as some quarters forbid that too (I think a silent ally is allowed).  

As I write this I'm already wincing imaging responses to the above paragraph that could include, "Oh the irony of a man complaining about being silenced", "typical entitled man thinking feminism is about men", "you don't get a cookie for being a human being", "tone policing", and so on.  It's not that, I'm not complaining, I just think that sort of message is counter productive and harms the goals (classic "you catch more flies with honey").

As man it makes little difference to my life whether I identify as a feminist or but it worries me when a women doesn't. I always assumed it was the default state of most women (and a lot of men too if they thought about it a bit) and was surprised to hear young women denying being feminists.  Having shared your naiveté and been burned by the rad-fem attitude in the flesh I can at least understand why some women now choose not to identify as such, but I wish they did identify.   I just wish more moderate attitudes where out there to dilute the vocal minority rather than some women being scared off (and men for that matter).  

On the positive side, at least the rad-fems are pushing the agenda I guess. Maybe you sometimes need extremist/fringe views to move the conversation on.  There are plenty of examples of more moderate feminism getting press too (in the UK at least).   I do take heart in the number of women who *do* identify too even if some are too extreme for my tastes.  Perhaps if attitudes swings too far they will swing back to something everybody can be happy with. At least in the UK feminism seems to be on the rise and is not generally considered a swear word.  