>I just feel like she doesn't respect women which is odd as she's in a senior position in a male dominated field, so I thought if anyone would get it she would.

Though this seems paradoxical, I think this happens often. One way to work your way up in that kind of environment is to go out of your way to disassociate yourself from other women and typical "female qualities". You succeed *in spite* of the fact that you're a woman by doing as much as possible to get people to forget that you are one.  That involves internalizing a lot of stereotypes about women being inferior. You work within the sexist system to make it work for you, rather than working outside the system or trying to change it. It's a dog eat dog world---and the first dogs you eat are the ones as weak or weaker than you, if that makes sense. So eventually, you gain/maintain power by holding back people who are in the shoes you were previously in. On some level you might sympathize with them, but when there was no one to help you get where you are, you might feel like other women need to struggle the same way and prove themselves like you did. You see it as a rite of passage. 

I've seen a similar thing happen with racial minorities. A black man who makes his way up in a white-dominated field will sometimes do so by embodying sort of an "exceptional black man" status. People around him keep their stereotypes of blacks generally not being fit for the job, seeing him as an exception. Meanwhile, he somewhat resents or looks down upon other blacks who fail to be exceptional and instead confirm the stereotypes. He blames them for the stereotypes rather than blaming the system. In other words, he feels that it's up to other blacks to prove the stereotypes wrong rather than expecting white people to let go of the stereotypes. 

When Obama became president, for example, a lot of people argued that it marked a new age and some people went as far as to say it signaled the end of racism. The idea is that since blacks have the same rights as whites, they have the same opportunities, and if they just try hard enough, they can succeed on the level of whites. People who think America doesn't have racial inequality love to point to examples of blacks who have been exceptions to any sort of trend in inequality. 

Sorry to go on a tangent. In any case, my point is that I think a lot of women have internalized sexist views, and this obviously holds us back a lot as a gender.  I would argue that women who are in positions of power often get there by internalizing sexism and, even though they are in a position to change people's attitudes, they instead reinforce them. They end up being upheld as examples of how nothing needs to change about the system. 