It's my time to shine and I made a throwaway just to do so! 

Though I had learned how babies were made in like 2nd grade, my mom had gotten me some kind of birds and the bees book when I was about twelve. It was about puberty, and I think it had a cartoon bee and bird take you through it. 

Helpful as it was, all it really had about masturbation is that it was when you touched yourself and it felt good, and it had a drawing of a boy touching his penis and a girl touching her boob. For a while I thought I was "masturbating" when I held my breast. But when those hormones started raging I had to think of something different, because that was not cutting it. 

So I tried to replicate what a penis would feel like. My way of doing this was inserting a thin lacquered chopstick up my vagina and accidentally piercing my hymen. I didn't really have any idea where my vagina was because when I looked in the mirror all I saw were weird fleshy bits! Since that hole had hurt so much I thought I must have done something wrong, and tried the next one. That one was my urethra, and I injured it pretty badly.

I was so embarrassed and ashamed I didn't tell my parents, even when it hurt like a motherfucker when I pissed. In fact I didn't tell anybody until I moved out and finally got my own adult doctor in place of my pediatrician when I was 18. For five years it hurt during and after urination at least once a week. I should have sought help sooner, but it honestly was the least of my problems for a long while, and it would go away for months at a time sometimes. 

Turns out my pelvic muscles were all traumatized and tense, and that's why sex hurt too! I went to physical therapy, learned how to relax and stretch my muscles around that area, and now peeing isn't scary and sex is great!

After the chopstick I tried candles, a basting brush's wooden handle, and the end of a standing lamp. I didn't really enjoy any of it, especially the cold hard metal lamp I decided was a good idea to stick in my vagina, until I had an even better idea. As 13 year old me sat on the toilet one day, gazing at the tub in front of me, it dawned on me: water + vagina. I laid down in the tub, positioned myself under the tap, turned the water on full blast, and came almost instantly. I used a lot of water as a teenager. I don't know why my mom didn't just get me a vibrator, it could have saved a lot of hassle. 

**TL;DR** Don't stick a chopstick up your pee-hole. 