I'm a Christian, and I personally feel that... life is a journey. Maybe he feels like the "trial" is coming to an end. But maybe it's just a turning point? A transition?

It certainly doesn't seem fair that he (seemingly out of nowhere) would deliver an ultimatum: "believe the things I do or else our relationship is over." Don't get me wrong, it's okay to have deeply-held beliefs which are a deal-breaker for a long-term relationship. But it seems that deciding what to do with your relationship should come at the end of a process.

I don't think *anyone* could expect you to just... flip a switch and suddenly believe in God. Hopefully he doesn't expect that! So, what I'm getting at is... would you be willing to give God a chance? I take it you have considered religious things and simply decided it's not for you. If that's a deal-breaker for you... then you guys have a problem. Either one of you changes your mind or the other... or it's time to move on.

BUT, no matter what *he* is willing and able to do, what if *you* were willing to give it a chance? What if you set a trial period (a few months?) and said, "Okay, God. I like this guy, so give me your best shot." Find a Bible and figure out what parts to read. Get in the habit of praying, even if it seems silly. He doesn't do it now, but maybe you could both try going to church a few times- that's something great that you can do together. Really give it your all. Take a test drive.

Surely that doesn't sound so awful? I dunno, maybe I'm reading your tone wrong. But it seems like you really love this guy and would be willing to give this a shot. Would he be open to trying this out? Who knows... Maybe nothing happens, the time comes to an end, and you both decide it's time to move on. Maybe *his* opinions will be different at the end. Or maybe something will change in your own heart. A change which simply requires time, like a planted seed, and can't simply be turned on, like a light bulb.

My wife and I have two good friends who faced something similar in college. The guy was a Christian and started dating the girl who was not. It wasn't an issue at first... but eventually it became one for him. She hated the pressure, which really wasn't very fair of him. But that was the situation. She loved him and decided to give it a chance. In their case, she started to figure things out on their own. I think they gave it a year? She started going to church, maybe attended a Bible study, made other friends who were Christians... The couple didn't talk about it much during that time. She didn't want to feel any expectations from him, and I guess talking about it made her feel like she had to offer some kind of report as to how it was going. She wanted to be free to figure it out with any expectations. Without the need to say what he wanted to hear or act the way he wanted her to act. He was completely understanding. He hated the pressure that weighed on his heart as well. He continued to cherish her and he gave her space and time to figure it out. In the end, in their case, she *did* come to believe. But it took time!

I hate moments in life like this, which blindside you and make you feel so... hopeless or helpless. Crossing my fingers that you are both willing to try out something like this... and that it works out in the end! Praying for peace, comfort, and wisdom for you both.