there are some things that most men have in common. there are some things that most women have in common. there are some things that most humans have in common. and there things that everyone in the world has in common (we generally don't give much thought to these things). 

people get uptight about generalizations, saying not all men are like that, or not all women are like that. but the reality is that many things are generally true, and there are only a few rare exceptions. sometimes the exceptions are so rare that to be an exception would be to have a "disorder". some times the exceptions only have certain windows of time. for instance women in general want to have children. some women never want to have children, but the vast majority of women will want to have children at some point in their life. some people will cry foul if you make that generalization, but those people are just being ignorant. 

media has distorted our expectations of reality. it has done this to most people (yes there are a very rare few who have avoided this). some people hate it when a generalization that is true of most people is spoken, because it conflicts with the false story told by the media. their feelings are hurt when they hear the truth, and they experience cognitive dissonance. they want to believe that the distortion is true and that the truth is false. but they inwardly recognize the truth in themselves. they are the loudest voices saying that not all men or not all women are like that. they want to believe that other people are not like that. sometimes instead it is solipsism (which everyone has, and nobody can escape from, this is one of the truths that people like to deny). people believe that just because they are not like that, that they somehow represent a majority of people. they fail to put two in two together that people are different than them, and that a certain generalization may not hold true for them, but still holds true for the majority of the population. 

the key to getting past all of this is to go look at the studies. not the magazines, not popular culture, not an opinion article, but the scientific peer reviewed research. sensitivity is nice to be inclusive, but sometimes hard truths are hard truths. dancing around the issue doesn't help people because it allows them to live in a comfortable delusion where they refuse to make their situations better. a person might be happier if you tell them they don't have cancer when you know they do. but it doesn't do them any service to lie to them instead of telling them the harsh truth that allows them to take action to fix the real problem. 

i have made countless people angry over telling harsh truths. i have been banned off of comment boards for telling harsh truths. but the reality is that no matter how much i sound like an asshole, i am just trying to give people the power to take control of their lives. if people learn to suck it up and be honest with themselves they can do things to make their situation better. they can see the options for what they are and make real decisions with real consequences. if i don't give them the truth, than they are living life blindly. 

in the end i feel it is better to give someone a hard truth than to lie to them. lying to them allows them to stay in their bad predicament and be more comfortable with it. telling them the truth allows them to understand why they are in their predicament and what they can do to change it. people will call me a troll for this. i don't mind. the harsh truth for me is that many people would rather be comfortable in a delusion than to have a better life. it saddens me, but i strive to make the world a better place, one broken dream at a time. 