It's odd to me that people are treating Rodger as though he were some teachable example of misogynistic, RedPillian, niceguy ideology gone wrong. His parents have disclosed that he had autism and that he was in diagnosed with mental illness. It's clear from watching him that he's quite maladjusted, and not just because he's a twenty year old virgin. There are fuckloads of 20 year old virgins out there. Tons of men who are bitter, not just because men are socialized to believe that their manhood is dependent on their ability to be successful with women, but because the inability to be successful with women is extremely frustrating, demeaning, and deeply saddening for straight men in general. These men aren't all writing manifestos, loading for bear, and hunting women in the street to murder them en masse. Most of them are sitting alone playing video games. 


Also, this article is a bit naive when it comes to advising men on what they should value about themselves and how that translates to being attractive to women. I know that women don't want to feel as though their desires can be boiled down to a generality, but they can. Men's desires can as well. You will probably have an easy time getting a guy if you're a pretty girl, who is nice and interesting. You're probably going to have an easy time getting a guy if you're an average looking girl, who's nice and interesting. But the fact is, being a man and getting a girl takes work. It's a contrivance of making sure you look good, making sure you say the right thing, making sure you behave correctly, making sure you project confidence, and making sure it all looks like you aren't doing any of those things. This woman's advice is clearly the perspective of someone who doesn't understand what it takes to charm women because she has never had to be a man who has to charm women. I'm not saying that the PUA technique is the one men should be employing -- many of them are manipulative and amoral -- but if you go according to this woman's advice alone you will be sorely disappointed and lonely. Every man learns this lesson, unless he looks like Ryan Gosling and/or has natural charisma. The rest of us need to learn how to do it, and you don't learn how to do it from women, because they will give you naive, useless advice. You learn from men who are successful with getting women to like them. "You don't ask the fish to teach you how to fish. You ask the fisherman."