I never cared about what I ate as much before I was diagnosed with a severe gluten allergy (waiting to be tested for celiacs). After I found out, I started realizing that a lot of the stuff I was putting in my body was acting like poison to me. I started to re-evaluate what I was eating. You don't need to diet. Rather, just be more aware of what kind of foods you are putting into your body. I found that cutting out a lot of processed foods, refined sugars, and preservatives has made a big difference. I don't pack on pounds as easily, my skin is clearer, even my mood is better. 

I don't have a lot of time to spend making meals, so I make really simple dishes during the week (Fish/chicken, with veggies) and then on Sunday, I will make a meal that will last for lunches for the entire week (this week me and my fiance made Ratatouille). Since I cannot eat anything with gluten, it is more difficult for me to get my hands on carbs (bread, pasta, etc) so I don't eat very much of it. I also do not eat red meat, all of the protein I take in is lean (chicken and fish/seafood).

For snacking, I usually have air popped popcorn, or mixed raw nuts with raisins. Instead of juices, I drink water and if I need something fruity, I will eat the fruit itself. Also, I am a starbucks addict, so I cut that down and make my own Frappuccino's at home (which cuts down the calories and sugar). I also drink tea to cut random hunger (like when you are suddenly hungry an hour after you stuffed yourself) and it also helps when I have a craving for sweets (Many specialty tea stores have dessert flavoured teas....my favorite, red velvet cake!)

In the end it's not about diets, it's about a lifestyle. I wish I had the mentality before I got really sick. I was pretty well forced to change my entire thoughts on food because I simply just can't walk in anywhere and eat anything I want. It's also worth the time when you go grocery shopping to always read the labels, it's amazing what you find in processed foods (and scary too). 

If you need to get takeout, there are still a lot of ways to cut down sugars, fat, etc. For example, at Subway, instead of regular bread, switch it up for a wrap (If it's an option), load it up with fresh veggies, avoid the 'lunch meat' style protein choice (go with something like chicken breast), you can also easily skip the cheese, and for the dressing, get something that isn't a cream based (no ranch). Skip the cookies and chips and if you need a drink, get a bottle of water instead of soda.