It's a tough one. My boyfriend moved away for work about 18 months ago and we've been in a semi long distance relationship ever since. Sometimes it sucks, though or the most part it's not been as terrible as I thought it would be.

We text constantly. We talk almost every day and I see him every other weekend. I absolutely couldn't see him any less than that.

If you absolutely can't move with him at this point, then you have two options: do long distance or break up. That's what it comes down to in the end. I think the long distance is at least worth a shot.

How long is your degree program lasting? Is it possible you could transfer to the school nearer him at some point if long distance isn't working for you?

As far as patiently waiting, it will be hard. I had to wait six weeks between my boyfriend having a first interview for his job to finding out if he had it (two telephone interviews and one in person). He was a nervous wreck, I had to be the one who stayed calm about it. I swithered whether I wanted him to get it or not - I knew it was a great opportunity and what he wanted but I couldn't help thinking how it would affect me and us. There was no possibility of me moving with him. Mostly I tried to not think about it. Easier said than done I know. I tried to stay upbeat about it, and supportive and no be too bitter and resentful, because its not fair to him to ruin it for him. But generally I tried to not even consider it.

When he found out he got the job, we than had a week until he moved. We tried to fill the week with fun things (celebratory lunches, celebratory ice cream, trips to our favourite museums). And then I'd go home and cry.

As time goes on, it's not getting a whole lot easier. I miss him. I'm thinking its time to start looking for a job in his city so we can get on with our lives. I feel like while he's over there and I'm here in I'm some kind of limbo.

Wow this went on longer than I intended. TL;DR whatever happens its probably going to be horrible for a while, try not to think about it too much while its so far off and just keep enjoying each others company.

(Sneaky ninja edit to add, how are you feeling about it? What are your thoughts on what you want to do?)