I am not sure what anyone else in here may have said to you but please understand:

***This is NOT YOUR FAULT.***

Almost every spouse wonders if there is something they could have said or done or whatever. Suicide is an intensely internal phenomenon, and rarely if ever can anything outside of intense therapy and often medication help to mitigate the risk of suicidal thoughts. "Not having pushed as hard," or "I should have done more about X or Y" are *NOT* true. You did what you could do, but clinical depression is a freight train, and you had a water gun. 

The minute THE MINUTE your brain starts trying to convince you you had a role in this, tell yourself to stop. Grief is a weird thing, and more often than not it is going to try to tell you you had a role in it. Literally think to yourself that this is a lie. You are trying to take blame for events that were outside of your control.

If you haven't already, please *PLEASE* get in touch with a therapist. If you haven't already, you will soon begin to suffer the effects of PTSD. These are manageable, and workable, but it's going to be real, real fucking hard.

The next few weeks of your life are going to be the most difficult you've ever experienced, or will ever experience. If you have someone you can be around at *all times* such as a parent, sibling, a good friend, go be with them right now.  You need someone to be available to you immediately when you need them, but will have the good sense to leave you alone for a bit, before they eventually can't take it and come an break you from your shell.

Again. This wasn't your fault. 

Don't believe your mind when it tries to tell you you were. Don't let yourself go on that track. It's strangely going to feel "good" if you let yourself start to believe it, but it isn't true, it never will be true, and you're only damaging yourself by allowing yourself to believe it.

Your life *will* move on. It will be different, and you will carry this with you for the rest of it, but you *will* get better. You will regain your strength, and you will find you are a thousand times stronger than you ever thought you could be.

Good luck.