If I asked you about the universe in everyday conversation you would casually respond with some facts. Yes, you would say, the universe is huge. Yes, humans are relatively small. No, I don't know what it all means. Those are some facts you know, and most of the time they don't mean that much to you.

But have you ever been entranced by the stars? You lie there feeling how big it all is. How small we all are. How miraculous, how terrifying life is? 

When you find yourself alone at night with the universe you don't just know those facts anymore, you begin to understand them in a much different way. You feel those truths in a way that is impossible to maintain in the day-to-day.

For many of us education is a similar experience.

You know for a fact that you have to go to school to get the job you want, but you don't feel in your soul the thrill of progressing towards your goal. How can anyone, really, when they're locked in a library? I certainly couldn't when I was in your shoes.

The struggles of everyday life may wear you down, down, down, down and you forget in your heart why you are doing all of this. Maybe you never knew that truth in your heart to begin with. You don't feel that there's life after this. But there is. I promise.

There will be interviews, first days, exciting new projects, and big promotions. There will be coworkers who will make you laugh until you cry, opportunities you never dreamed of, and life changing decisions to be made.

There will be hard things too, of course. Some very hard things. But you will be out in the world, at the helm of your life, making decisions and feeling the consequences, and you will be doing it all for you. 

It's just for you. So you can be everything you want to be, and do everything you want to do in your time on this planet.

Try looking up some listings for dream jobs that get you excited about your future. Consider finding a small volunteer position for something that sparks your passion, or maybe start your own small, independent project. I did this when I was in your position, and getting myself excited and reminding myself that I was building the career I wanted made all the difference to me.

Take care of yourself as best you can. See a counselor. Consider medication again. Try mindfulness meditation to help you gain perspective in everyday situations. Practice your faith if you have one that is meaningful to you. Exercise, eat well, stay in touch with friends. You know the drill.

Understand that what you're experiencing is very normal, but not trivial. Don't kick yourself when you are down. Some of the greatest people of human history have grappled with depression; it is a monumental task and you should be proud of yourself for enduring it. You must be a very strong woman. Not everyone will understand that, but I do.

Finally know that whoever you are, wherever you are, my love and respect are with you.

**TL;DR:** Try looking up dream job postings to get yourself excited about your future and put your school work in perspective. Keep your eyes on the prize and value yourself. School will still suck but you can do it, I promise you.