I agree that it would have to be a complex dialogue... That said, I'd hazard that most children above the age of six or so also understand that alcohol is something that adults are allowed to have for pleasure, while children are not. They understand that many adults drive cars for fun, but that's something that they won't be able to do until they're older.

Obviously, these are not the most apt of analogies when the issue is complex, but I think it speaks to the capability of children to understand social rules. Adults can do some things, kids can do others. Kids have a very intimate understanding of what *is* and *isn't* allowed, and they enforce it aggressively. (If eating in class is forbidden, and they see you eating in their class, they will call you out. More than an adult would, at least for non-morals related offenses.) They understand rules and respect them generally speaking, especially prior to puberty-- which, let's be honest, is the group people are terrified of teaching. 

So if people were to tell children: sex is a nice activity between adults, assuming the adults both want to participate. It's not for children because their bodies and hearts/minds aren't ready. One day, you may want to have sex. You don't have to have sex unless you want to. It's okay to be curious about your body, and the bodies of other people, but remember that the most important thing of all is to be safe, healthy, and happy-- and not to hurt other people's safety, health, or happiness.

Etc. 

I think being honest about pleasure and sex would, interestingly enough, have a greater potential to protect children from predators, assuming it were explained delicately and well. When I was in elementary, in the early 90s, hand-puppets tried to teach us about "stranger danger" and how to respond if a strange adult touched you... But of course, being a child, I took this very literally and was *terrified* of people accidentally brushing against me in the supermarket or the mall or any other crowded area. ("Those adults are trying to touch me! They want to hurt me! That's not right!" -- the inner monologue of me, an anxious child.) 

Kids are the masters of literalism... Ever see a child hold their finger an inch from their sibling's face and say "I'M NOT TOUCHING YOU" for hours on end? Ironically, by trying to protect us from being too graphic-- which obviously is still a concern-- my teachers had given me a fear which didn't make sense. If they could have been more open from the beginning, then maybe it would be easier to say, "while sex is a nice activity for adults, in private, it is not for children. Adults are not allowed to do sexual things with children: it is wrong and it is against the law. If anyone does something to make you feel uncomfortable, tell someone you trust, etc." 

Oh, and being told that queer people exist would have been a welcome addition to the curriculum. LGBT people don't get sex ed in schools because everything is based on reproduction; maybe a pleasure model would be more inclusive.