My social skills are somewhat limited and I am very picky on my company, I like alone time a lot so if I don't feel like I *click* with a person I don't think spending time having polite on-surface conversations is worth it. BUT, so far, I have been very lucky and have no problems befriending / getting befriended by people. 

I would recommend a kamikaze approach to this, as to reduce the social anxiety. Just ask and don't put any weight on the response. Easier said than done, but in the end a "no" won't feel bad at all because it really isn't about  you. And if you ask 100 people a couple of nos will be a drop in the ocean.

> I can start and hold a polite conversation, but it never seems to 'blossom' into a friendship. 

I think this might actually be a part of the problem. I don't know what you mean by polite conversation and I know plenty of people don't agree with me. BUT...I, personally, don't get my interests up with people who are generally nice and keep a polite conversation with me. It's usually boring and impersonal and gives me no gauge over whether I'd actually like that person on a intimate level. 

However, when I talk to people who are more personal, those who may say things that you are not "supposed to" say... that's when I feel like sharing too and usually allows us to find common ground on a topic or two naturally leading to a "we-should-talk-more-you-have-time-for-lunch-tomorrow?"-situations. 

Here's some examples of bonding situations:

Me and a couple of other newbies at the department were supposed to get our picture taken for the webpage. I said something about how I always look terrible in photos. Now, the girl who responded with "Oh, I am sure you'll look fine" was nice for sure but... yeah, what can I say apart from Thanks? The other girl, now a really good friend of mine, said "Me too! Look at my eyes, dark rings like crazy! I'll look like a horror movie character!". She said it with tongue in cheek, much like I had, and we insta-bonded over joking over how we look in photos. And after our day was over we went for a coffee to talk more.

Another random befriending occurred in a class. I noticed she spoke the same language as I do (expat here) so I asked her if she was from there, she was and I exclaimed how happy it made me to speak my native tounge. She agreed and we spent the whole break talking about how moving to another country affected us. She was as open as I was about the experiences (that is, none of the polite and more or less socially expected oh-it's-been-great-everyone-is-nice-no-problems-i-grow-so-much-as-a-person!) but honest this-was-nice-this-totally-sucks kind of conversation and the same day we added each other on facebook and have kept in touch ever since.

Or, at the gym, where I used to see the same girl quite often. We started saying hi, and one day she came up to me to compliment me on a move. Me, always admiring her accomplishments gave one back. And we started talking about how much fun it was, what got us started etc etc.

So for me, being personal is definitely the way to go. Else I assume that you either aren't willing to get genuine and since I am not much for exchanging meaningless pleasantries we are probably not a good match. I'm not meaning that you should be a negative nancy or spill all your darkest secrets at once but just be yourself. And I realize like what I'm saying here probably makes me look like all gloom-and-doom, but I am a very cheerful person irl its just that I am open about both the positive and the negative and like to spend time with others who are like that too. 

Not say stuff that is expected of you to say or that you think will make me like you. Dare to be honest, basically.

As for other concrete ideas. Clubs, hobbies, volunteering etc are great ways to meet people! You'll have at least some things in common and that's usually what it takes to get a nice discussion going.
