Oh, sorry, I didn't realize there was an article attached to your title.

On some level, I like having that question on there so I can prescreen for prejudice. Some who just answered, "no," I found out upon questioning that they hadn't really thought about the question and when given more information, would actually change their answer. Where the hurt lies is in those who give explanations of why they wouldn't. Drama is the main one I see, but that just pisses me off because you wouldn't call a non-mental health illness "drama." In general, I'm level-headed and rational, don't argue, am not negative, don't complain, and don't have mood swings. I'd also never doing anything crazy- well, what I consider crazy when I see other relationships and the vindictive things they do to each other. But apparently having a mental illness that I cannot control, according to many answers, makes me "batshit crazy." 

The article mentions a brain tumor, and I actually have a tumor in my head. Just for kicks, I posted on facebook when I was about to go into radiation (never mentioned it before), and my timeline filled up with messages from people I haven't heard from in more than 15 years (other than the friend request). So the next day, knowing that I would now show up in the newsfeed for all those who wrote on my wall, I posted this meme http://imgur.com/47b15u2 and not a single person liked or commented. I started opening up about my depression to those who seemed really concerned about my tumor, and I tell them the depression is actually a bigger deal and has taken a bigger toll on my life, and they never hesitate to tell me I'm wrong in what I feel causes greater suffering in my life. 

But what I found even more devastating is how people I grew up with view two friends we lost. Four kids in my grade (elementary through high school) have died. One died in a motorcycle accident, one of a heart attack. I see them brought up on facebook posts all the time of how much we miss them. But the for the other two it's different. One committed suicide and somehow his entire life remembered has been replaced by those final moments. The other's death was undetermined- she was found floating in Lake Michigan. At some point the police and the media found out she was bipolar and she was suddenly labeled a possible suicide even though no signs pointed to that- she had her hair done earlier that day, she was responsive to medications and in a good place, and she had her purse with her the night she died (was stolen and found later). People don't generally bring their purses and get their hair done right before committing suicide. Yet now, whenever she is brought up, the first response is something like, "all those years and I never knew she was bipolar." WTF? What does that have to do with anything? She was our friend and a person, but now she has become simply diagnosis. Even though her death is still officially undetermined, the police stopped investigating and the media stopped reporting when they learned she was bipolar. 

And this is what really scares the shit out of me. I've been fighting my ass off my whole life. I am strong, I've done plenty with my life, I'm a good friend (as long as I never talk about my own problems and only listen to theirs), and generally people like me. Yet, if I one day lose my battle with depression and I die, I'm afraid all that will be lost and I will be reduced to simply my depression and suicide. As a person I won't be remembered, only my diagnosis. People can do nothing to help themselves when diagnosed with cancer- yet til the end they will be seen as grand. If they live, they are survivors, if they die, they fought bravely and stayed strong to the end. I have fought every day for my life and yet I am see as mentally ill. Being alive, I am given no credit for strength. If I die, I am seen as selfish, weak, and crazy.