Yes. Absolutely.

I want to point out I don't think it's "the same thing" or even worth a side by side comparison.

But I think I, and I assume a lot of other men, have experienced something that, though not the same fear, is not entirely different and probably born of the same problem.

I'll say that in day to to day life, I'm identified as a heterosexual man. And for the vast majority of interactions that's fine. I was able to marry the woman I love without governmental or religious interference. For all of the issues with gender and identity I DO have, I understood early on I was pretty happy with body I was born with. It's more complicated than that, I'm in my mid-30's and I'm finally getting comfortable saying it's more complicated than that, but I do understand I enjoy quite a bit of privilege and anonymity from those identities. 

But when I was younger, I'd say from when I was old enough to be aware of it to my mid-twenties, I was stopped, and harassed, and threatened regularly enough to be wary of it whenever I went outside. I too learned that best response was indifference, even when someone punches you hard across the jaw... If you just stare back, maybe they'll get bored after another punch. I had stopped being polite and friendly with people on the street after more than once someone who'd asked for directions, followed it up with "you're a faggot." In my late teens my hair was long, I'd gotten skinny, and also got called a (without any irony or sarcasm) "dyke" more than once. Sometimes, the harassers were women. I was cornered on the play ground by some girls a few years older and berated with an onslaught of sexual questions I didn't know the answer to (I've since wondered what harassment they endured to produce such behavior).

I know you can dismiss these things as people just trying to get a rise out of a young man. All I can say is, I've been teased, and I know the difference. It happened enough, and with enough convincing menace and malice, that yes, I was afraid to walk alone, to even drive alone, to be alone. 

And, this is the part the I'm still ashamed to admit, yeah, I was also afraid of rape. I'd managed to talk (or not-talk) my way out of most of my encounters. I've never really been beat up, the few times it escalated to physical attacks I just stared back and they gave up. I come for a "safe" town, a loving home, and I've never been abused. But after all the random harassment, not only did anything seem possible... everything seemed possible.

Slow cars made my heart race. There's the (racist) joke about crossing the street to avoid certain types of people... I'd go out of my way to avoid walking past ANYONE I didn't recognize or perceived as any sort of threat (consoling myself that prejudging EVERYONE was better somehow than prejudging anyone). 

As I got older, taller, and bulkier, I got a little more confident. I'd gotten big (fat) enough that being invisible didn't work anymore, so I tried to look as angry and don't-fuck-with-me-fed-up enough that people wouldn't gamble on whether or not they should have fun at my expense. 

Is it as bad as it use to be? No. I got on anti-anxiety medicine, which helped a lot. I got older and more comfortable with who I was. I can go out in public reasonably comfortably. But I don't go walking alone. It's still ingrained somewhere that I'm not allowed to do that. 

There's still a lot of shame involved. I'm married, and when I register a threat there's this sinking feeling of "well, I sure hope nothing happens, because now we're both screwed." Would I do everything in my power to keep my partner safe, just like I know she'd do everything in her power to keep me safe? Of course. But the sum of our strength is "not very much" and I still mostly rely on being tallish, biggish, and surlyish enough to at least evoke the idea that maybe I could do something (but I know I can't).

And I resent it. I resent the HELL out of it. I resent the hell out of the beard I keep because underneath my face is flabby and fleshy and childish. I resent it because the "obvious" answer is to get in shape and learn to defend myself but I've never been interested in physical strength or hurting people. I resent ever being made to feel inadequate because I use to be thin (sexy), and because I use to have long, nice (beautiful, shameful) hair. I resent being bullied for being emotional and empathetic, and still seeing the echoes of those prejudices in my adult life. 

For me, a lot of this is tied up in also growing up a nerd. But they're inseparable from my point of view. I've tried (poorly) to express in this in the past and been told my experiences are "statistically insignificant" compared to the harassment of women. Again, I don't equate the two at all, but I think that's completely false. 

Misogyny, in my experience, is not only hostility toward women, but hostility toward anything "unmasculine." I know it's not the first thing anyone thinks of when they think about misogyny, or, in turn, feminism, when there are so many more real, dire problems that need to be address urgently... but part of gender equality is reassessing all those thing we view as "masculine" or "feminine" traits and not evaluating them as negative regardless of the gender they're applied to or expressed by. 

Again, to disclaim this as much as possible, I'm not at all trying to say that this type of social fear is the same for men as it is for women. Only that I personally believe that a similar anxiety DOES exist for men, and is probably caused by many of the same problems.

I hope this makes sense, it's the first time I've really tried to express most of it.