Buffy Summers is an interesting case.

A lot of people criticise her for being "ditzy" or air-headed, which are stereotypical flaws of "blonde popular girls" in the media I suppose, but does having flaws that make a character human somehow make them less of a positive representation of women in the media as a whole?

Further, people claim that her tendency to shack up with dark, mysterious strangers or whatever fratboy happened to come along in the early season is a detriment to her role as a strong woman. I don't know if that's necessarily appropriate, personally. A lot of 'strong' characters have sexual and-or romantic motives that drive them regardless of whether they're men or women, but for whatever reason it's a *criticism* of female characters. 

Bruce Willis wants to rescue his wife in Die Hard, even though they're separated. Their relationship isn't perfect but he's desperate enough to make it work that he risks his life repeatedly. Will Turner (the boring guy from Pirates of the Caribbean) does the same, except he wants to seduce Elizabeth, not fortify his relationship with her. And Chewbacca's motivation is just to meet and seduce a lovely princess from another world. 

But by the same token, women with similar motivations tend to be villified or demonized, more so by critics and viewers of films than in the context of the film itself. For instance, almost every romantic comedy protagonist is the same, so I feel it's alright to generalise and say that women as a whole are tired of seeing the same depressed, lonely girl who feels her life will come together if only she had a man to cling to. 

All I'm saying is, female characters pursuing sex or relationships are viewed differently to male characters doing the same. All we need as evidence to my claim is to look at the James Bond franchise. This horndog has been in 23 movies and more books than I'm even aware of over fifty years - in all of them, he has sex or alludes to having sex with a woman dubbed a "Bond girl" who's personality is rarely elaborated, and who serves the plot only as a secondary motive for the male lead. 