Just to tell a different side of the IUD story, I'm 23 and had Mirena placed when I was 22, last July. I have no children but my FNP had no problem with me getting it. Placement wasn't too difficult and the doctor who performed the procedure was very experienced. I was ok the day of, but pretty much 24 hours later I was in intense pain, from cramping, and bleeding....a lot. Obviously I called and checked with my PCP and she said that was normal, especially because I've never been pregnant. Fast forward 2 months later, and it's still happening. The bleeding was a little more spotty but the cramps were insane. They checked the placement and everything was fine, it was just how my body reacted to it. 

By Christmas, so 5 months later, the cramps had more or less stopped and I was only bleeding for a few days every 2 weeks. The benefits in a serious relationship (I'm married) were way better than the bleeding and cramping so I dealt with it. By the way, my face also looked like a pizza. I've never had great skin but Mirena caused insane painful clusters of cysts on my cheeks, somewhere I've never had acne. 

So now it's April, everything is pretty much ok. I was used to the symptoms so they didn't really bother me. The hubby and I had a rough night in bed...in the good way...and everything was awesome. A few days later I was washing myself and could feel the strings...at the entrance of my vagina...that is not normal. Obviously I made an emergency appointment with my OB/GYN. As soon as I came in she performed an ultrasound, the IUD had partially fallen out, probably due to the rough night in bed, but also because all of those times I had been cramping my body was trying to push it out of me. It could have easily ruptured my uterus, which would have caused infertility. 

I'm not trying to scare you out of it, I know lots of women who have had wonderful experiences, I'm just giving you a different story, because you should be informed about whatever goes into your body. 

TLDR: I had a bad experience with my IUD. 