I'm going to give you advice from a perspective you didn't ask for and one which 2X probable will disagree with...

I'm a new dad of a 5 month old and I have an established career. I was lucky enough to be at a company that has let me work from home and shift hours allowing me to be a stay at home dad for 12 weeks. I'll tell you, it's REALLY FREAKING HARD. It's a lot like being a single parent, taking care of the kid during the day while working full time (often over time) at night. The stress level is extremely high, making sure to keep your job while worrying about every sneeze sniffle and cough. I got lucky and have the most supportive spouse and her extended family. But I will tell, I work in an extremely stressful job and this situation has been magnitudes higher in stress. I can't imagine doing it at 19 AND going to school.

Secondly, you know what your SO is going to be like already. It sounds like you've been with him or known him for a while, so you already know if he's responsible, his morals, and his priorities. A bunch of people told me "having baby will change you," but I disagree. It brings out more of who you are. I've seen others around me have kids (again mostly from the male perspective), but you can tell the ones which are going to be good (active, involved, supportive) parents pretty early on. I even remember being in labor and delivery and you could tell the guys who were just there and the ones who were looking forward to being a dad. You could see the fear and excitement in some while the ambivalence and resentment in others. You know him already and you know the choices he makes. People change, but it's rare.

It also sounds like you feel like you have no choices. I remember reading an article a while back about Christians who were against abortion but had one anyways. They always regretted it, not because it was they were against abortion, but because they felt forced to choose to end the pregnancy. They did a lot of self justification of "this doesn't apply in this situation" or "this wasn't how it was supposed to be" or "others think I should, so I guess that's right." You always have options. It sounds like you are against an abortion for you but  you're not sure you can / should keep her. Think it through and make sure what ever you do it is YOUR choice and not your parents or your boyfriends.

Lastly, you didn't mention adoption. That is an option and a good one. I've had several friends and family members which have been adopted and it is a great choice. You don't need to put her in an orphanage, you can do direct adoptions or work through agencies / lawyers. And you can have open adoptions in which the adopting family stays in touch and can provide pictures, etc or closed where all contact is cut off.

Personally speaking, we tried to go through the adoption process and had it fall through several times for various reasons. We had our little one after YEARS of being told it would never happen and failed infertility treatments; and he is the biggest blessing in my life. But we would love to have more and realize short of adoption it's probably never going to happen; so we're looking at starting the process again even though we know it's a long shot. But I can tell you from experience, if you want the best for your baby and don't feel like you can or will be able to give it to her, adoption is an option to consider. I would even contend that of all the of options, the hardest choice to make. 

If adoption is something you do end up considering, PM me and I can give you our perspective, what we went through, and why it was and still is important to us to adopt from a different perspective.