Well that is because you probably grew up in a place where hair was displayed but all around the world there are places where hair isn't even there. 

In some African countries the girls shave their heads and the boys sometimes grow it in locks. I know in Ivory Coast to go to some schools you actually need to shave your head if you're a girl.  For the Sikhs people of India hair is not to be cut and gets very long, therefore being wrapped into cloth turbans around the head. Some country whose name escapes me at the moment, in South America has a lot of women never or very very rarely cutting their hair so a usual display is a lot of women with below hip level hair. 

All around the world hair is worn and shown differently. Russian orthodox churches actually wear "hijabs" during their services. 

I don't think it's fair to focus on one type of hair garb and deem it problematic just because it makes some people uncomfortable. I can understand a greater discomfort towards the niqab and burqa as even to me personally it's a bit weird but I realize that it's normal to them and if they so chose to clothe themselves then that absolutely doesn't concern me. 

What I don't understand is why there is so much concern with identification. You still see the person's face, which with the hair are the only things an above neck ID picture will show. And besides it's not like in North America the majority of muslimas wear all black long robes, it's a colorful blend of local fashion and Islamic dress and beautiful shaylas, Amina, pashmina and cashmere scarves. It's not restrictive in fabrics, colors, patterns or thickness. You don't have to listen to what some imam in the other part of town thinks of whether you wear pants or not, you pray 5 times a day and you decide for yourself where your personal limits are regarding clothing. We don't receive pamphlets every month on what's allowed or not.

Even if you're wearing the niqab in Saudi Arabia there is a line for niqabi ladies to get ID'd by female officers. you have to prove your identity some way or another.

What is beyond bewildering is how the population likes to scream that the terrorists are being accommodated. There was a hair salon where the old owner, a white atheist man, opened up the back of his store to be renovated and put curtains so if Muslim women wanted a haircut they could come to his salon and have it done with a female hair dresser. Most of his salons employees were already females and they would just rotate depending on the clients.

The media went nuts

Within a day of his newly opened back store the camera crews arrived. He said he expected them crying wolf and that it was purely marketing and if there was a demand for a service he was willing to provide for it. It's not an attack on anyone else.