I have thin, fine and smooth hair also (and it's straight).  I have found that keeping my hair shorter than my shoulders (including cute pixie cuts) can make my hair look fuller and give it more body. Sharply angled bobs are good (where the back is the shortest), asymmetrical styles allow for you to have the feeling/look of length without the weight/flattening issue it can cause. I totally understand highlighting your hair (no matter what color) roughs up the cuticle texture and will get rid of some of that smoothness. In the past when I've highlighted my hair it helped my hair hold styles better! My hair is not highlighted anymore (i've dyed it very dark) and I actually miss the roughness of highlighting.  Looking forward to going back to it so I can do more with my hair. :)

I too have to wash my hair everyday or it looks like I just crawled out of a grease pit wearing a baseball hat. My hair is probably less than 1/2 inch thick in a ponytail (but it's too short for that right now) It's horrendous! So I get it!

I've accepted that I'll never have long flowing thick hair - it's just not going to happen.  Every time I've tried growing it out, I had to chop it off again because it looked stringy real quick!  Also, you don't have to have a thin neck to pull off a short cut - you need to have the right cut for your face shape. I was 225 lbs when I first went for a pixie - and it looked awesome. Big neck/face and all. There are a lot of bad short hair dos out there so you sometimes need to experiment!

Do you have a hair stylist you trust/like?  It's so important!  That's the only real advice anyone should be giving you. Ask friends whose hair always look good who they go to (regardless of what kind of hair they have) and then visit their stylist.  A good stylist can work wonders even with the limpest/thinnest hair.  I'm lucky that I trust mine - I can go in to see her and tell her to do whatever she wants and I know my hair will come out looking great. I hope you find someone who can help you feel that way too.