If you work in an at-will state there really isn't much you can do unless you have a contract to point to that you think they breached in some way. 

You say you know these people and you care about them. If that is the case you should take them at their word. If you believe they care about you too they probably looked at the options with level heads and did what was best or what they thought was best for the company and were speaking to you in good faith when they let you go. "You're family, friends, and other small business owners" simply do not know the situation as well as they do, and neither do you. 

Keeping the best interests of the company at the forefront is what the directors of a company are required to do, and even though it sucks and hurts right now you shouldn't hold it against them for doing that or trying to do that. They had to make a difficult decision, and they made it. 

You gained valuable work experience. If you made a valuable and strong relationships with contacts working there it may be possible that you get some of them to follow you if you start new work in the same field.

I'm sorry that you were laid off and I am not trying to invalidate your anger at the situation at all, I just think you will be more miserable in the long run if you burn bridges and end relationships because of it. Don't let outsiders sway your opinion of the family you worked for; they are trying to cheer you up by tearing others down; but they probably don't know the situation well enough to be judging the CEO and COO.  You said the CEO was crying for God's sake. That doesn't sound like someone who had ulterior motives or came to the decision lightly, even if you ultimately disagree with the decision.

**Tl;Dr:** It sucks and is a really shitty and unfortunate situation. You know it, they know it, we know it. You are not worthless. You are sad to go and they are sad to see you go, but they felt it was best for the company and that is where there priority should lie. You get to choose whether you are vindictive or not and how you perceive the situation for yourself, and shouldn't let others tell you how to feel. You seem like you don't want to be vindictive. If that is the case frame the firing with such a narrative that you're not vindictive. It seems like you do but you have people in your ear telling you you should be mad. Don't listen to them.

Just my 2 cents. Best of luck.