For the sake of grammar I find this easier to address to the girl. I also have no advice whatsoever.

I remember being 13 and all of a sudden getting constant male attention. Not just being stared at/watched, but whistles/cat calls/comments. Usually from guys much, much older. It freaked me out. Walks home from school were the worst, and I seriously resented a skirt being part of my uniform. I became very withdrawn, and would walk everywhere really quickly, with my head down.

Truth is, it does not feel safe to be a girl, and you will always get unwanted attention. Sometimes, sure, it's just guys being guys. But a lot of the time, - like when you're 13, - it's creeps being creepy. The two most important things to realise are, (1) it's not on you. It is never on you. You are not being/doing/wearing ANYTHING to invite or validate this attention. People who say otherwise are jerky jerkfaces. They're a large part of the reason that it is very, very difficult to internalise this, but it's so important. Never believe that you in any way deserve other people behaving towards you in ways that make you feel uncomfortable, or scared, or disrespected. Their behaviour is not on you. (2) you don't need a guy to protect or defend you. I remember in my first relationship, in my late teens, men would shout things at me in the street, and no matter how I myself reacted (which would be either ignoring them or glaring at them), I would be upset with my boyfriend for not saying anything. I myself am part of this horrible system when I feel more comfortable/safer being on nights out/in public when I'm with a guy,  and like it would be great for another guy to call Creep Guy out on his objectifying, misogynistic comments, but I can't. I'm still figuring this one out for myself. If someone actually puts their hands on me, I will verbally bite their heads off, but outside that I need to be seriously pushed before I'll say a word. It is probably safer, and certainly less hassle, to just ignore them. But it leaves a really, really bad feeling to not stand up for yourself, like you're being somewhat complicit.

So I really don't know what to say. Stuff like this weighs on my soul. It should not be the place of a 13-year-old girl to be telling people to stop looking at her as a sex object. How horrible is the world that they DO. I kind of give up on society, at this point.