I never ever said that, and the only reason I brought up potential actual causes and the possibility of a cure and a sex life is that your old post seemed worried about the possibility of you finding someone you loved and then having some sort of condition that would prevent you from having sex. Granted a lot can change in 2 years and you may be perfectly fine with never having a sexual relationship now, and that's fine. You still clearly aren't in a healthy place at all as far as your relationship to your body, and you have the chance right now to discover that you're completely fine and normal, or to discover whatever treatable issue you might have. For what it's worth, when I started using tampons, it took me 45 consecutive minutes of exploration to find my vagina, and I'm perfectly anatomically normal.

I understand that you're scared and you probably feel cornered, and that's probably why your responses have been so defensive. I'm so sorry you're in this position now. The reality is that lifestyle decisions aside, you have a phobia that is now negatively affecting your health, and it's time to address it rather than just hope nothing else ever happens again. Even if you're never sexually active, there are many different things that can go wrong with your reproductive organs over the years, and I'd hate for you to end up in this same situation in another 2 years over something different. It would be better for your health and your quality of life to address this anxiety and phobia rather than just hoping you never have to deal with it.

As for the appointment on Thursday, you could take a trusted friend or your sister or someone with you. You'll have to go in and take your pants off, but then they'll give you a paper sheet to put on your lap and when they have you put your legs up in stirrups so they can get a look, you can't seen anything from up by your head, so if having someone there to hold your hand would help you feel calmer, they wouldn't really have to see you naked or anything. Do what you need to do to take care of your health as comfortably as possible. If that means having someone with you, that's ok. If that means calling today and explaining the situation and asking if there's anything they can do pharmacologically to help, that's ok. It might help you to know that they literally can't do anything without your consent. So if you get there and then you decide that you really need to talk to the doctor before they examine you to feel comfortable with it, then you can do that. If you really want only an external swab and no penetration, you can insist on that (if that's what you want, I'd forgo the external cream the day of just to make sure you don't kill any yeast that makes its way outside). If you want them to tell you if your anatomy is completely normal, they're going to be looking at it anyway and they can tell you. You're going to be completely ok. You'll only be try in an awkward exposed position for 15-30 seconds, and then you'll be allowed to cover up again. It's ok to be nervous about it, but it's not nearly as bad as it sounds and it will be over before you know it. And they'll be able to diagnose you on the spot and give you a prescription for Diflucan or an antibiotic, depending on whether it's yeast or BV. You'll be feeling better by Friday, and this will be all over for now.