This might get a little long, but I understand exactly how you are feeling because I have been there.  First off, IANAL and all the info I can offer is based on my experience and the research I did when I was where you are now.  I am an ordinary person who had to testify before a grand jury about a peripheral situation to a case.  Your particular situation may be a little different based on your locality and whose jurisdiction this case is under.

Basic info: The Grand Jury system is a process where a group of ordinary citizens are brought in to hear a case against someone to decide if there is enough evidence that a person should be indicted.  It’s like having a meeting to decide if we should have a real meeting to decide something.  Where you are, and what court is involved, how busy the court system is will determine some of the details… Your mileage may vary.  Some courts may have a Grand Jury that contains people who sit on it for 6 months (full-time), others may meet once a week for 6 months (or however long); The important thing is that they (the people sitting on the Grand Jury) will probably hear several cases and WILL be TOGETHER as a unit for the duration.  This is not a trial in the normal sense - It is nothing like what you have seen on TV.  There is NO DEFENSE, NO Cross Examination, no big wood paneled courtroom…  

From my experience and some practical advice:

In my experience, the Grad Jury met (sat) at a courthouse.  The building, the security, the mood and expectations are all VERY SERIOUS throughout the entire courthouse.  Act within those bounds.  You can feel the gravitas.  Small talk among law enforcement, no joking *at all*, very few smiles in the entire building.  The people with business there are the wheels of “the process” in motion and they take it very seriously.  They know that the futures of whatever cases are being heard in the Grand Jury and in trials that may be going on in the same place are important and are serious matters.  They expect that you will act, dress (a step or 2 up from business casual), and give that same respect to the process and its workers ESPECIALLY the people sitting on the Grand Jury.  (of course *we* already know that you will, but they don’t know that) You may want to call the courthouse tomorrow to find out if there are any special rules beyond the basics.  Specific items to ask might be if you can bring a snack, if cell phones are allowed in the building *at all*, if you get to park a special parking lot or where parking might be available.  If you must find parking yourself, you will be reimbursed at some later date; but be prepared to find an all day lot or deck because you won’t be able to pop out to feed a meter.  You don’t want to arrive late, or (like I did) arrive a little early to be told to run to your car and leave your cell phone there because they are not allowed in the courthouse — causing me to have to sprint to avoid being late. 

Regardless of when they told you to be there, you are there for the convenience of the Grand Jury and the process.  Expect to wait.  If they don’t get to you in the morning, they’ll send you to lunch (plan ahead), then you’ll get back to waiting.  If the day ends and they need you to come back tomorrow, you will.  They will likely remind you that a subpoena is not a suggestion and that you can be held in contempt and detained or that they will send the sheriff out to pick you up if you don’t come back from lunch on time.  They will do this in the most gentle way they can while still threatening your freedom.  They will likely instruct you not to talk to, ride the elevator with, or have any contact with any of the people sitting on the Grand Jury; It’s probably best to just try to keep to yourself as much as possible.

Unlike a normal courtroom, the Grand Jury room is closed.  You won’t be sitting there listening to other people who have been called to testify give testimony, you’ll likely be sitting in a hallway on a bench or in a room on a hard chair.  Bring a book.  While the process did take place in a court house, it was not anything like a TV courtroom.  It was more like a high school media room, or a small lecture hall.  Keeping in mind that these Jurors (as a unit) may have been together VERY frequently and for a very long time — I found that they had become very comfortable with each other.  While all expectations are that YOU will be serious and respectful of the process, I found the Jurors had become VERY comfortable…  To the point that some of them appeared to be wearing pajamas and acting like middle school students.  They were laughing, talking about other things, lounging as much as possible in desks affixed to the floor — you must not let this throw you off your game.  You are not a part of their clique.  You are probably “yet another” person that they will have to hear from and consider the testimony you provide before making a decision to or not to indict another citizen and probably change that citizen’s life forever.  It’s a weird vibe.

Your actual testimony — You will have to swear that the testimony you are about to give is true.  You’ll probably be able to recite the oath from memory (if you watch TV), but it was slightly different (which sort of threw me in the moment).  They’ll probably remind you, but — you are giving your testimony to the people of the Grand Jury, not the person asking you questions.  You should address your responses to the Grand Jury.  Everything you say in the room is “on the record” and may be used in court, if the outcome is an indictment.  Your testimony will be transcribed or dictated by a stenographer as you give it and you may get to read it (and sign that it is accurate) if there is an indictment.  It’s a little unnerving to have somebody whispering your every word into what appears to be an oxygen mask as you try NOT to look at the person who asked you the question.  It’s surreal, but not particularly scary.

Obviously: tell the truth, answer the questions as concisely as possible, don’t add any opinion or extra information.  “I do not know” is an ok answer, if truthful.  I don’t know anything more than what you have told us, but; In all likelihood, your testimony will be rather simple questions.  Your Name, Your Address, that you had a car, that you have no reason to believe that your car would spontaneously combust, that you had never had that problem before with your car… That sort of thing.  The Jurors will be able to ask questions of you if they have any.  I would expect nothing but softball questions; In fact you will probably meet with an assistant DA who will go over the questions (in general — not word for word) that morning.

I am sure you’ll do fine.  If it seems like it is getting stressful - just try to observe the process at work.  It isn’t anything to be stressed out about.  The Jurors are likely accustomed to hearing people who are not especially comfortable speaking in front of people.  Speak clearly and there is no reason to use any fancy language, you don’t have to impress anybody — you just have to answer a few questions honestly and so that they can hear you.  Hopefully, they are paying attention — but they are not judging YOU.  They (like you) are experiencing this as a part of their civic duty — there because they are ordered to participate.  They are just ordinary people listening to you answer some questions.

Will you let us know how it goes?  <-- Don't do this

Edit. They'll probably ask you not to talk about your testimony with anyone (although they can't limit your freedom of speech).  Posting about it here might be frowned upon.