I can’t speak to other cultures, but we Americans, typically, want easy to understand answers to complicated questions. To attribute this insane action to misogyny, to lack of gun control, pornography, capitalism, repressed homosexuality, white privilege, or athlete’s foot, really misses the point. There are elements of these things (and so many more) that describe the individual’s communications, mindset and his actions. To say that these are the cause rather than the symptoms is putting the cart before the horse. It seems to be satisfying to some/many, to whip out their bad person or pet issue template and fit it to the situation de jour, pat themselves on the back for a brilliant insight, clothe themselves in indigent outrage, and retreat into smug satisfaction knowing that they have it all figured out. Not so easy, pandering media speculation only makes it worse. 

One could argue back that “crazy” is a simple one word answer, but crazy is a label for a host of complicated, nuanced, individual specific, and continuous spectrum of behavioral disorders. Like cancer it is not one thing, but a bucket (more accurately a landfill), that includes people from Dahmer to your superstitious auntie who has to turn around three times before she washes her hands. The mind is the most complicated thing we know of, it can go south so quickly in so many ways that to attribute any one, two, or three things is an act of extreme hubris. We have category labels for an assortment of disorders, some easy to identify via measurable chemicals or response to specific stimuli, most lying along a spectrum, sharing attributes and not so easy to quantify. That is why “I know crazy people capable of rational thought” is largely an irrelevant statement (and poor logic). 

For the legal process we have innocent by reason of insanity as a threshold so that the village idiot who is incapable of understating the rules is not punished in the wrong manner (yes it is more complicated than that, but this is the gist). But the predator, the molester, the murderer is still often just fucking crazy. Maybe it is only my own interpretation, but in my book evil is crazy. To head off the nitpicking debaters I am not advocating therapy in lieu of punishment.

In the end (as lay persons) rather than constantly trying to understand and wallow in every detail of these horrific events and point the finger (your choice of which one) at a given section of society, or fit it to your pet peeve is, just let it be crazy; move along, there is really nothing to see. Allow our professionals to review the situation, propose corrective action and let us decide if we as a society want to pay for it or not. Understating your own limitations and biases is the first step to perceiving truth, it also helps to prevent unproductive mental masturbation. This pill will not make you skinny, this book will not make you rich, body wash will not make you irresistible, this prayer will not cure your gout. While Occam’s razor drives us to the simplest answer, it is not always the right tool. In the end we all know Kenny did it…right? 
