I wish to say something here.  I don't often post to 2X, because as a guy I don't necessarily feel that I will receive overwhelming support for my opinions, but here it goes.  I read through E.R.'s manifesto, or most of it anyways.  From what I have gathered, I can tell that he was spoiled, narcissistic and obviously forming radical ideas about women and sexuality.  I recall him being offered and job which would have required him to clean bathrooms.  He considered this beneath him and would never degraded himself by doing something like that.  Indeed, I believe that these personality traits contributed to his radicalization and I think he could have learned something about humility.  Nevertheless, I found myself wishing that I was able to reach out to him.  Not that there is anything that I can say to him now, nor would I if he had survived this whole ordeal.  I suppose for me that once you cross that line and decide to take innocent life, you no longer deserve my sympathies.


 No, I wished that I could have reached him when he was forming these ideas.  To let him know that he was not alone, and not unique in suffering indignation at the hands of women while trying to vie for their attention.  I know there is little comfort in knowing that someone is suffering beside you,  I prefer to see people happy and thriving.  But in a very real way, I could understand some of the pain he was going through.  I have myself been ridiculed by women I was trying to court.  One experience, when I was called "a pussy" and "a loser" really stuck with for a really long time.  I was incensed, mortified and despaired.  How can you be so callous and cruel?  I was trying so hard to gain your affection, trying to make you laugh, to feel desired, to build you up and yet you are trying to tear me down?  I don't know that many women truly understand the hopelessness of a situation like that.  She may not have stabbed me in the heart, but at times I wished she had.  I had at times felt panicked, doomed to a life of solitude and unfulfillment.  That no matter what I did, that could never fight this perception of me by other women.  That whatever she saw in me, that others would see the same as though I was permanently marked or scarred.  This had profound ramifications on my psyche, outlook and motivations.  I had been rather successfully in other regards, I was smart, had many good friends and up until now had been pretty happy, but when it came to women things just fell apart for me.  I guess I would point to [Maslow's hierarchy of needs](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maslow%27s_hierarchy_of_needs), to explain how I felt at the time.  I felt as though my emotional development was disrupted at the "Love/Belong" stage and without that kind of fulfillment that the higher order needs "Esteem" and "Actualization" could not not fully be realized.  I tried to push through this and build as sense of esteem, pride and achievement, but without the love, support and affirmation of a woman none of these things really seemed to matter as though I was building upon a tower that was ready to collapse at any moment.


Well, now I have put myself out in the open, share some of my most intimate though and said that I can related to some of what Elliot was going through, what is my point?   I guess one thing that I will always haunt me about tragedies such as these is that I think that it could have been prevented at any point.  Granted, I think that Elliot needed to reshaped the way he though about women and sex.   I wonder how he might have reacted if he was told the truth that sex was for me, as it was for many others I gather, another disappointment that does live up to your expectations of what it will be.  But really, I think that this was not just about sex as it was about acceptance.  It seems to me that society/humanity has a terrible way of picking on it weak.  What an injustice is that, these are people that are most in need of our compassion and yet we treat them with scorn and ridicule.  Why would a girl I was trying to attract call me a loser?  Because she could, because there is no repercussions for doing so.  I know that the world can be a harsh place and sometimes all you can do is have thick skin and poke back, but I hope that people would learn from such tragedies and show more compassion towards others.  Especially women, because it is to you that men look to for comfort and compassion.