I think if you're trying to build an argument, having statistics from multiple sources/source types that roughly corroborate each other makes the strongest point. I think RAINN is generally well respected, although it has been criticized in the past both by feminists and mens rights advocates. You could also look at the [Bureau of Justice Statistics](http://www.bjs.gov/index.cfm?ty=tp&tid=317) or the CDC [[pdf warning](http://www.cdc.gov/violenceprevention/pdf/sv-datasheet-a.pdf) with links to academic articles]. Scholar.google.com is also a good resource if you have access to academic journals through your school/library. Start with one article, check its sources if you need more info, and continue.

For any statistics, it's crucial to evaluate the methodology used to collect the data. It would be nice if people only ever cited statistics that they understand... I think thats an unrealistic wish, though. 

Whenever possible, read about the methodology - who were they surveying? How many people did they survey? Does this sample accurately reflect the population you are trying to apply the statistic to? For instance, surveying female college students may yield results not applicable to men and women with no post-secondary education. How do they define "rape" and "consent?" For instance, people may be more likely to say "My vagina has been penetrated by a penis without my consent" than "I have been raped." How was the data collected? If it is based on police reports, you neglect any crime not reported. 

Another important thing to remember is what the motivation of the authors is. If you read something from a mensrights blog, they might emphasize/overstate the amount of female on male rape or false rape accusations. If you read something from a feminist blog, they might emphasize/overstate the number of female victims and low jail time served by male rapists. That doesn't mean that their statistics are necessarily wrong, they just could be stated ingenuously or may have been misinterpreted. For these scenarios it is particularly important to assess the methodology. For this reason, I think government sites and academic journals and well respected non-profits are your best sources (to check the validity of the latter, try googling "name of nonprofit + bias or controversy")