>the only conclusion for me is that there's a lot of beautiful people in the world, and that we all come in many different beautiful packages.

I learned this myself after going to the nude beach, and the swingers' club, and getting involved in shibari rope bondage. Bodies are amazing, and even more beautiful when the people inhabiting them are enjoying themselves.

I'm 5'2", 40, and have two kids (both of which were 10lb newborns). I weigh between 125-130, depending on the time of the month. I wish I could get back down to my pre-baby weight of 115, but I would be happy stabilizing at 120.

I have felt homely, or plain at best, my entire life. After kids, and gaining weight (and an emotionally abusive marriage) I couldn't even bear to look at myself in a mirror longer than I needed to brush my hair.

These days (post-marriage, but still fighting a divorce) guys tell me I'm beautiful, I'm hot. I turn heads at the swingers club, and I still don't know what they are seeing. I'm not conventionally attractive, a big reason I always thought of myself as homely. I don't wear makeup (except eyeliner sometimes), I don't shave my legs, I don't style my hair (I just wash and brush and air dry), and I don't wear fancy clothes (I have very little sense of style). And yes, I have stretch marks and loose skin and I try to ignore that. I hope that if I continue to lose weight and do pilates the skin will eventually go away or at least be less noticeable if I have better-toned abs.

I can't deny that people see *something*, so I've learned to stop fighting a stupid battle inside me (after all, who wins if I manage to convince people that no, I'm really nothing special??), and learn to accept that I just might be wrong about myself. I'm intelligent, friendly, accepting of other people, and enthusiastic about enjoying time with them. I suppose it's the entire package they are drawn to, and maybe my unconventional looks just kind of tie it all together. I don't know. Don't look a gift horse in the mouth, I guess :)

And I bet if I posted a photo of myself in a bikini or in my "going-out" clothes, /u/dadeli would tell me I have nothing to complain about. Oh well.