I am not going to argue the numbers because I think it is quite frankly funny how rape numbers are used in the rape discussion.  MRAs want to the number to be as low as possible and Indians engaging in this discussion want it to be as high as possible.   

No.  A thousand times no.  Again, I say, there is no intellectually honest manner to compare the US numbers with the numbers of India and it is a waste of time discuss rape in an environment that the woman might not even know that she is being raped.  C'mom.  Don't try it.  You can show me whatever numbers you want from the US and no one can show you numbers from India, because they are not there.  And [this is the reason why they are not there](http://www.tehelka.com/the-rapes-will-go-on/).  Marital rape was just ruled not to be a thing, there is no argument here.

You are absolutely wrong about Republican right wing.  That is comedy fodder for Bill Maher, we don't embrace their ideas, while in India, Modi is being embraced as a father.  Further, the next parliament will have a record number of lawmakers charged with criminal offenses.   And this is the PM who promised to end corruption.  Though charged is different than convicted, it does not sound promising, especially when we see the misuse of state machinery in Gujarat for a favor to a friend at best, from a man who promised no nepotism.   Nope, Modi and Republicans can have crazy ideas, but we laugh at those people here and India is embracing this guy as a god.  Despite the fact that he may very well have his hands dirty with the riots, despite of the fact that he is married, lied and hid that, despite of the fact that he spied and stalked a grown up woman, fuck only knows why, with the state machinery, and despite the fact that he comes from ties with RSS whose leaders openly admired Hitler in past.   


EDIT: Typo

EDIT 2: I also find it very suspicious that the intellectual class of India is almost unanimously against Modi and how every single piece of article about him has been practically bullied out of /r/india and mocked and how journalists trying to expose him and his past were called "white men's servant" , etc.  This is very suspicious.  Not to say that the media is always right, but I pay attention to what Intellectuals have say, even if to disagree, I pay attention.  Everything written against Modi in the media was either totally disregarded or met with absolute contempt.  Extremism, nationalism and the far right usually don't promote social peace, and it results quite often in the contrary.