I had a similar experience. I was 2 weeks from turning 18 and found that I was 5 weeks pregnant. I had to wait until I turned 18 and I went to the doctor's office where I had a medical abortion. I took 1 pill in the office and had to insert another vaginally that night. Bad period cramps? Fucking no is right. I got a prescription for Vicodin and when I took it, the pain was relieved but when it wore off..omg I wanted to die.

It hurt so much I thought I was going to die. I bled so much that I had to get up each hour to change my pad. At one point I slept 2.5 hours and awoke to coolness all around me. The blood soaked through my pad, pajama pants, sheet and mattress pad. I had to wash everything in the middle of the night otherwise it would have been more suspicious in the morning. 

I would sit on the toilet and the blood would just pour out of me. A couple days later I think I passed the mucus plug because there was a ton of mucus that came out, it was weird and gross. Clear-ish and very slimy. 

Two/three weeks after my first appointment I went back to make sure everything was fine, and it was.

Would I recommend it? I don't know, it depends on what you're capable of and what your goal is (besides to not be pregnant anymore). If you want it to be done and over with, get the surgical abortion. I bled for 2 weeks with the worst of it being for 24-48 hours. If you want to deal with it as privately as possible, in the comfort of your home, RU486 is an option.

The first time I got pregnant I was stupid and not using birth control. The second time I was using Ortho Evra, the birth control patch. It came off during a particularly sweltering summer day and I guess trying to make it re-stick didn't work. I got pregnant nearly 2 years exactly after the first conception. I switched to the Nuva Ring after that.

The only baggage I have is that I am seriously petrified of getting pregnant. It has severely impacted my sex life. I can honestly say I would kill myself if it happened again. Especially now that my state has passed a 24 hour wait before you can get an abortion. It has been 12 years since my first abortion. I once had a boyfriend shame me about my decision and that's why he's an ex.