Hi! Reading this was like getting a flashback into myself 3 or 4 years ago. If I ever spent any amount of time examining myself (which I ended up doing an unhealthy amount) I would feel a resounding level of disgust. It's horrible to think that we can end up having such terrible reactions to our own bodies. We get pretty much no say in the one we end up with and in reality they're capable of doing a whole bunch of cool stuff for us, but we can still end up hating them. It's a pile of shit.

I don't have a quick fix. I had to spend a lot of time, over the space of one or two long term relationships, building up trust and taking small steps in what I was comfortable with. Sex started out as a lights off only time (as you did, telling him sort-of truthfully that I was shy) and as the trust grew and more progress happened, bits of insecurity started drifting away. A big factor, in sexual situations at least, is when you get caught off guard, enjoying yourself so much you briefly manage to forget something you were worried about. Afterwards there's a liberating relief - it wasn't so bad at all. I still felt like I was  kinda gross, but he certainly didn't! 

Stick with whatever is comfortable for you, even if that means having to make little boundaries to stick to (eg. bra stays on! lights stay off!). You just gotta make sure you communicate properly. Anything you do together is about enjoying yourselves - and each other - always with a level of respect, so you can make little baby steps towards feeling fully comfortable at whatever pace you can. 

My current boyfriend and I ended up making a trust exercise out of it, where we'd be naked, I would cover myself with my hands, he would lie next to me looking into my eyes, and at a point I would move my hands away, holding his eye contact so I'd know he wasn't looking down at my body. We did this over and over to slowly build trust and my confidence, and then one day I was just too busy jumping his bones to remember that I was bothered by it at all. 

(but seriously, enjoying yourself to the level of forgetting and not caring is the best)

Hope this is even slightly useful. Good luck!