Oh God, yes! This is a bit long-winded...

My Dad has always been a keen hunter, so I've been around firearms for as long as I can remember. Dad started letting me have a go with the .22 when I was about 8, when I started high school I joined my school smallbore team, and every now and then I'd shoot in some fun competitions with my Dad and his mates using his .222 or .243. 

When I was 16, my friend set me up with her boyfriend's best friend so we could totes double, and he liked to think of himself as a pretty good hunter. 'Jim' was a couple of years older than me, and I brought him out to the range one Sunday because I was excited to go shooting together, and he brought his rifle with him to show Dad.

Dad took one look at it, said 'do you hit anything with that? It's... (cue explanation of glaring issue)', and offered to let Jim have a go with his rifle. Jim was quite miffed abut Dad's snubbing of his 'baby', so started to get a mouthy about how good a shot he was and offered to give me some tips.

At this point, a couple of Dad's mates started snickering, knowing full well that I didn't need any help, but Dad and I stayed quiet. Dad decided to let Jim go first, got him on the mound with the .243 and let him look after himself as he 'didn't need help'. Jim proceeded to score 19/25 and would *not. Shut. Up.* About his 'awesome' score. Dad and everyone else had a go, hitting between about 18 and 24. Jim brushed it off as an 'unfamiliar rifle' and reiterated his offer to coach me through.

At this, one of Dad's mates piped up 'she doesn't need your help, mate', and I was starting to seriously reconsider dating this guy - I was so embarrassed by his behaviour, and Dad had given me a couple of 'those' looks.

It finally came to my go (Dad had purposely left me 'til last). I took the rifle out of the rack, grabbed my ammo and earmuffs and headed for the mound, and that's when he said it.

"You look cute, trying to be all serious with a gun. If you get 15 I'll buy you lunch."

I didn't get angry or offended when he said it - I just got motivated. Dad murmured 'show him' as I walked past him, and show him I did. I rattled out a perfect 25/25, high-fived my Dad, and offered Jim some tips over lunch if he wanted them. He didn't, nor did he want to go out again after that. I wasn't too upset.

TL;DR - Boys, don't call me cute with a rifle in my arms - I WILL win.