Finally something I can comment on! I just got my Mirena put in this morning, so I don't exactly have much to comment on, but I can tell you about the insertion process since it's still fresh. The way I understood the drug that dilates you is typically more painful then helpful, increases your cramps, etc. They try to avoid prescribing it unless it's really necessary. As far as pain killers (vicodin or whatever you were thinking for after the procedure) are also pretty unnecessary. You shouldn't need more then some tylenol after. I took one 650 mg tylenol 45 minutes before, and one 3 hours later.

I asked the doctor to give me the cervical block, mostly as a peace of mind because I was completely panicking. I made it out to be 100% worse than it actually was. She started off with the speculum, then sprayed betadine. Next, she gave me 4 shots to numb me. Honestly, the shots weren't nearly as bad as I thought they would be. They felt like small pinches, nothing unbearable. She put the tenaculum on to steady my cervix. By this point, I didn't feel anything. She then did the measuring (sounding) which felt like a tiny cramp, but again, I was pretty numb. She grabbed the Mirena and measured it out, and said she was going to try to get it in. I literally didn't feel a thing, I thought she was lying to me when she said it was in. She cut my strings and then stepped out so I could get dressed. I got cleaned up, she had me make sure I could feel my strings so I knew what to look for, and I was done. I had some cramping around the time I got home and laid down, but it was nothing that another tylenol couldn't help. I took a nap, woke up, and have felt great ever since. I didn't take another tylenol, and I have yet to bleed. All in all, I was completely surprised by my experience and how badly I made it out to seem in my mind. I would honestly say that the speculum was the most uncomfortable part of the whole thing.

I would ask if you could get a xanax or anti-anxiety med to help calm you down before the procedure. Is it possible for you to find a doctor that could do the numbing? 