First, this is normal.  Well normal for the working environment you are describing. I, too, work with various departments mostly run and managed by women.  Let me tell you, I hear this complaint all the time by younger staff members.

Second, it is not right.  I've also experienced this first hand at previous jobs which made me decide to never work for a female.  I know that sounds bad, but the drama is too much for me and there is ALWAYS some amount of drama (from my experience).

So here are my thoughts...  Age has something to do with it. You haven't "earned your keep" with the matriarchal society of your work family. You're the last one in and so you kind of have to prove yourself.  Meaning they haven't had to rely on you yet, so you haven't exactly proven your worth to their group.  It's a fine line you're walking with them...  Because if you push yourself too hard to prove yourself then you also become deemed "confrontational".  Education is another factor.  Women, especially older women, in a office setting can feel insecure with a younger more educated woman coming into a office.  You're threat to all of them, a possible replacement down the line in their job.  Their job is to essentially push you out or letting you into the group.  But it is a fine line, and you have to prove your worth to them - you have to find their weaknesses.

I see it happen routinely in one of my departments with an all female staff - its brutal and so unfair.  My boss, he cannot deal with it.  You won't find an ally with the men of the office but they will probably let you know just how they view the office full of women and their antics.  

I left my last job because of horrendous working conditions.  Women can be the biggest bitches to other women.  I learned a few things from that experience and now that I see it in the various departments and hear about it from younger staff, I see the game for what it is.

Some ideas to break the ice with these women...  Food.  Bake something, if you can bake.  If you can't, go to some fancy bakery and pick up something sweet and pretty - like cupcakes for each one of them in your department.  Ask them what they are doing for lunch and think of a place you are going and ask them if you can pick them up something.  Show them pictures of something, a dog or cat, garden, etc.  Ask for help about a non-work related item.  Sometimes gals just bond over talking about men. If so and so likes gardening, talk about it with them. If so and so like animals, talk about it with them.  Look at their desks, you can pretty much determine what they like by the things they are hanging in their offices.

Then if everything else fails, look for a new job.  It is not going to get any easier and you can't climb the ladder successfully in these conditions.

Good luck!