I was 24, had recently left my husband of 2 years and partner for 6 (we met when I was 19). It wasn't his and I was moving out. I had to tell the father over dinner, he was supportive, in an awkward way. I had been pregnant before but had lost the baby and was told that a full term pregnancy would be difficult for me. I knew that I could not have 'it'. I called 'it' a parasite, a lima bean, peanut, thing, alien (mostly alien because I got morning sickness very quickly and the smell of bacon [which I loooooove] turned my stomach). The father went through phases of saying how much he wanted to be a father, how much he couldnt wait to teach a child the wonders that the world holds, but that he couldnt have this child. He would say all these things in the 3 weeks I found out and scheduled the abortion(we had gone together to an ultrasound where we heard the heartbeat...not the smartest decision I've ever had to make) , while holding me, rubbing my stomach and crying. It was hard. It hurt, but I knew what was best for ME, what I could offer this thing inside of me. The morning of the appointment, I got up at the father's house, he left for work, I walked myself a mile to the clinic, went through all of the intake alone, waited alone. Let me just say, the clinic was filled with women of all sorts of age, color, socio-economic background. I will say that there were 2 younger women who seemed to be 'old pros' and cracked jokes about it, it made the rest of us in the clinic uncomfortable and we all shot them looks that said "stfu". With the exception of those 2, none of us wanted to be there, none of us wanted to go through this, but we did because we had reasons to be there. I went in, my heart rate was sky high, so they calmed me, put me under and the next thing I knew is I woke up in the recovery room with the most intense hollowed out pain. I was crying so hard that the nurse came over and asked if I was 'just sad'. I had to tell her that I was in extreme pain ( i have a scarred and 'stiff' uterine wall on once side, so the abortion was not the easiest for me) they prescribed me Vicodin and sent me home. I was picked up by the father and driven home. It took 2 months before I felt 'ok', it still hurts sometimes when I think about it, but I know that if I had not gone through with it, the quality of life I could have given the child should it have come to term, would have been poor. I speak to other women about it, always tell them honestly, give them advice on where to get information that is not biased, where to get prenatal care should they choose differently. I always recommend Mirena as a method of birth control as well. 

Overall, I am glad I went through it. I do have small pangs of regret that stem from wonder. Mostly due to the fact that I am now older, considering my future with someone, wondering about children I may want and how difficult it may be for me physically. But I would not reverse my decision at all  