> What is the male equivalent? Since TwoX is now default, and there will be men viewing this, I want to know if you ever feel threatened or in danger when walking outside.

Yes, but I'm sure nowhere near as much.

I'm 6' and 148 lbs. Growing up let's just say I was a toothpick. As a genX-er, I was definitely outside the mainstream as far as style goes, so growing up I would often (from my perspective, I think this happened far less for me than for the average female) have dudes in cars yell "fag!" or "Hey faggot!!" at me while walking down the street...and yep, you do feel threatened. I know how quickly a pack mentality can take over, and you have to ask yourself when that's happening if the pickup truck full of dudes are content just yelling as they drive past, or are they gonna pull around and go one step further?

I've also spent plenty of time in Detroit at night, and have been rolled there by a couple of dudes, possibly at gunpoint (kept my eyes down). I know several people who've had guns pulled on them there, both male and female. This kind of fear had nothing do do with gender. I've felt fear many times walking in that city at night.

Finally, my real gendered creeper story shares quite a few traits with a lot of the worst experiences I've heard from female friends of mine. It's kind of long but I'll throw it down.

I used to live just outside of Boston in Cambridge MA, between Harvard and MIT. This was the nineties, and basically after high school, myself and my 6 best friends decided to all head to the East Coast and rent a house together. Time of our lives, and tons of great stories from those 2-3 years.

Anyway, one day I was for the bus, and this dude smiles and says hi. Well dressed African American looking man with what sounds to be a tiny bit of an accent from somewhere. I say Hi back and he goes on to tell me that he's here meeting a friend. He doesn't actually know the guy that well because he's new to this area, but he's trying to meet people. "Oh that's cool, welcome blah blah blah" I respond, being a generally nice and inquisitive guy. So this guy tells me his name (Jon), and keeps chatting. Let me pause right now to tell you that Jon was *fucking charismatic*. Dude had the gift of the gab, and before I left he asks for my number and maybe we can meet up in a group for dinner with some of his new friends. I'm amiable but not stupid, and sensing *zero* creepiness, I still give him fake digits and move on. Sorry Jon, but if I'm giving my number out on the street, it's gonna be to that cute girl at the art supply shop a block down.

So I go home and while hanging out with my roomates, I mention this dude. Roomate_1 stops me and says "Dude. Hold on. Was he black, in nice pants and button down shirt, and his name was Jon?" I confirm and he proceeds to tell me about how Jon used the exact same lines on him. At the same time, one of my other roomates in the room says "Holy shit, I ran into the same guy!".

Turns out that after living here only a few months, Jon had attempted to get the numbers of 5 of my 7 roommates using the same pickup lines. 

Let me break here by saying that I don't find anything wrong with this. Dude wants to do what dude wants to do. Knowing that he did what he did in a serial fashion did make it reaaaaly creepy though. Jon proceeded to hit on me two more times over the course of my living there, both other times not remembering me. He did this so much he couldn't even keep track. 

One night, I was walking back from a nightclub off of the main avenue. I'm a little tipsy, and I hear a voice say "Hey there." I turn and see Jon's silhouette about half a block down. I reply "Not interested, leave me the fuck alone." He keeps walking towards me and he says "What do you mean interested? I'm just new here, do you know how to get to the T stop (what they call the subway there)?"  I keep walking and I dip into the side streets and head into the neighborhood where I lived. I hear his footsteps behind me, following me off the main avenue. I say "Dude, I'm not joking, get the fuck away from me." and as I turn to look behind me I see him *just fucking chuckle* as he keeps walking fast towards me, smiling from ear to ear. 

I. Am. Fucking. Terrified. Up till now, every interaction with this dude by anyone I know has been in broad daylight with lots of people around, but here I am, knowing this guy's history and it's 2:30am on a dark street, and he's essentially chasing me and getting his kicks doing it. I have no idea what he's capable of or thinking.

So not knowing what to do, I look around me and see a good sized paver-stone. I sprint towards it, grab it, and spin around to see Jon slowing down saying "what are you doing" to which I respond with the truth "I'm gonna bash your fucking skull in" as I raise it and start towards him. He puts his hands up and runs backwards, after which I toss the rock and run as fast as I possibly could to my front door. 

That was an anomaly, but over the years that and the other incidents have served as a sort of bellwether for me regarding what women have to go through. I have not experienced things as a woman, but it has always been my belief that they have it far far far far worse than I ever could. Was Jon just threatening me for kicks, or was he about to get violent? Did he have a knife or a gun? Did he need one? I still have a whole list of questions no human being of any gender that just wants to walk in public should have to ask themselves. 


