(This is from an XY perspective.)  My wife had a fairly "dream" pregnancy: little nausea, little tiredness, ... heh, little stretchmarks everywhere.  It's go-time, and we've got the hospital bag ready. We rush to the hospital.

Triage starts normally, but soon, the doctor seems confused.  The baby, which has been "locked in" for months, is suddenly transverse (i.e. back to the wall, as it were).  She calls in another doctor, then another.  Pretty quickly, my wife's pain level goes from 3-ish to SWEET BABY SHIT, GET IT OUT OF ME.  She's screaming (a stream of profanities, which is odd for someone who might use one a week), and they escort me promptly and firmly to the waiting room, with the excuse "this is an emergency now".

She's being wheeled away from me screaming bloody murder by (no shit) 5 doctors and 5 nurses, and it's suddenly and powerfully quiet in the dark and empty waiting room.  I get enough time to call my parents on the cell, and while it's ringing, the nurse runs in and shouts at me "THE BABY IS COMING OUT NOW.  COME QUICK!"  My mother answers the phone, and I essentially hang up on her and run to the operating room.

I get into the room just in time to kinda scoop one arm under her head and grab her hand with the other hand, when **pop**, an explosion happens from my wife's nether region.  An explosion of water, and time freezes: I look down and *my baby is flying across the operating table*.  All the doctors, all the nurses (except ONE) are stuck in that "I'm going to get hit in the face with something" pose.  The one who wasn't in the pose literally caught my child like a catcher tagging someone out at home.  Everyone got sprayed with amniotic fluid, the catcher was drenched, but had a riot-style face mask on, which probably saved my baby from suffering a fall as his first experience with gravity.

Somehow, my child had gone from locked-in, to breach, back to head-first.  In the transition, he'd blocked the cervix, preventing the water from breaking.  While they were wheeling her to the OR, he had flipped, and thankfully the doctor (who was riding my wife to the OR on the gurney) happened to check and noticed that he was crowning.  When the water finally broke, it acted like a slip-n-slide for my son, and my wife shot him out like a cannon.

Immediately after the birth, and I mean within seconds, she turns to me a little and says "god, I feel great." WTF?!

**edit: formatting