You stayed in town for college?  If not, maybe he got more used to chilling out?

I have an Indian father.  I'm a guy.  Similar attitude as your father.  Except he was more physical in his "reprimands. (ie losing his temper at any challenge to his authority, and not being deliberate or controlled at all)"  I finally pushed back in one of these encounters when I was about 16.  In a series of a few months it happened a few more times.  I pretty much stopped talking to him around the first or second incident (which happened on his birthday, so that I kinda sucked.  Actually, I think he started the silent treatment then, and I continued it.).  Finally, the very last time I called the cops.  Of course, they sided with him, handcuffed me, and threatened to send me to JuV (if I remember the incident correctly, I had asked my mom if I could watch TV, she said yes.  So I was watching it.  He came in and turned it off.  I turned it back on, and the fight ensued).  However, after that, there were no physical encounters.  I think my parents realized there was something really wrong and terrible happening to our family and the way they were handling it was going to lead to things like this.

Anyways, I didn't talk to him for three years until my aunt whom I love and respect convinced me to some time in my freshman year of college or second year of college.  He was paying for my college, my private school, and everything the entire time.  And we've worked on rebuilding our relationships.  And he's generally gotten more mellow, but not completely.  Since then there have been two incidents where he's lost his temper and gotten blood-eyed, ready to wreck someone angry.  It's been either directed at me, at which point I reflexively got in his face and challenged him to go ahead and throw the first punch (which he didn't), or I stood in the way and wouldn't let him come at my family members.  You can't predict it, and it happens at the smallest triggers.  99% of the rest of the time though, he's normal, and we'll argue and and joke around with him.  And my mom is her own woman, and operates independently of him for the most part (she decided to go to enroll in a DNP program without ever telling him until she decided to go for instance).  When I was in high school, it seemed like all the ridiculous stresses of life and work (he'd work ridiculous hours, 6am to 10-1pm, 7 days a week) really just kept him on a trigger.  And life's treating him terribly right now, but somehow, he's become more resilient and is managing it better.  It seems that his main stresses are that my sister and I turn out OK.  But it may also be because he's being forced to work fewer hours by the stuff that's going on.

So, what I have to say based off of my experiences is this:

Be ready to be independent.  Be ready to take student loans, move in with your BF for the summer (make sure you have that out, first), etc.

Assert yourself, calmly, rationally, don't get angry.  And don't react to anger.  And don't inflame anger (I mean trigger his triggers on purpose cause you're getting angry).  If you see him getting angry, just take your mom and go away.  Let him know via text or something, that you'll continue the discussion later if you wish.

The point I'm trying to make is that this anger, this sound and fury, is almost all bluster, in the moment.  I suspect your father loves you, and you have to trust that emotion wins out.

P.S. 26/M

P.P.S  The safer and smarter and less direct route is to keep lying about reasons to leave the house.  Go to medical school.  Lie for reasons to not come home (my parents have the same mentality about vacations too).  I think a lot of people choose this route.  It wasn't for me.  I like to think I have an honest relationship with my parents, and that makes me happy.
