(((hugs)))

50 yr old woman weighing in.  As a step child and former step mother.

Do not worry about making her love you.  Do not expect reciprocation.  It sounds like you do not have kids of your own.  Your stepkids are just approaching the 'I hate you! Please drive me to the mall!" stage.  Do not take it personally.  

If you feel like it's an issue, you can get family counseling.  It will embarass her no end, and maybe even get her to adjust her attitude, but don't count it.  She is entering the attitude central stage of her life.  Let's hope she grows out of it by the time she hits 20.

Keep the rules that you have.  Be kind and respectful.  Do not let her push your buttons.  Do not let her get away with anything (or the boys for that matter).

Get her involved in constructive activities.  i.e. she needs a sport or music.  Doesn't matter what it is, but it will instill discipline and the ability to work with others.  An afterschool club is also good.  For boys - Boy Scouts is my usual recommendation.  For girls - depends on what interests her.  I am not familiar with the Girl Scouts program beyond Junior Scout, but that may be a good option for her.

It helps her have a positive outlet and exposure to positive role models, outside of you.  

The family nights are a great idea!  I personally tried to have dinner together as a family every night that we were together.  

And listen to her.  When she talks really listen.  When i was a step-mom, my 2 step-sons would share things with me that they wouldn't share with their father or mother.   And I would give them suggestions based on what i saw as their strengths.  For example - one was worried about fitting in at his high school (going into 9th grade).  I talked to him about finding a sport.  It gives him a group of guys to hang out with and helps him with playing on a team, etc.  He decided to try for football (he had the size).  He went to the daily workouts over the summer, and really impressed the coach with his work ethic.  He made first string freshman team, and after the 1st game, was moved up to JV, after a couple more games, he was moved up to varsity.  After never having been in any sport!!  HE was so proud of himself!  It even helped him get a scholarship when it was time for college.  ANd he wrote an essay for class about how it was the decision that had the most positive impact on his life so far.  That made me feel really good!! 