not a doctor but am an old army medic. never had to deal with women's problems but if you were a guy i would ask you these things. is the pain going up your side, or down your leg on the side it hurts (if it is going down your leg around to the back of your butt cheek this indicates it might be related to your spinal nerves, if it is going up to your arm, causes nausea, dizziness, sudden anxiety, and/or rapid heartbeat and shallow breathing, than it might be related to your vagus nerve). 

when you are going through your menstrual period your bodies hormones are changing levels. specifically progesterone is coming off of a spike causing a cascade to start with some mineral corticosteroids, this causes salt retention (and corresponding water retention). salt retention is the big one here as it can effect the fluid levels of spinal ligaments (causing them to lose fluid and shrink the area between spinal disks, potentially pinching nerves which would be a sharp pain going down your back, and likely to the sides of your waste or down the back of your butt to your legs). this is followed by an estrogen spike which will end up effecting a lot of tissues, but one of the big ones is your kidneys releasing vasopressin (aka ADHD) and erythropoietin. the vasopressin can mess with your vagus nerve (the one primarily involved with all of your digestive processes and also effecting your heart rate and breathing rate), while the erythropoietin starts a cycle of replacing lost red blood cells. 

you may want to consider these if the problem is not easily found. a lot of doctors look at the simple things, but fail to consider all the hormone pathways involved if that is not their specialty. 

<-- source old army medic. 

edit: forgot, the RBC production is important because it causes an sudden drop in blood iron levels which also can mess with the vagus nerve. it has to do with salt concentrations around smooth muscle tissue surrounding your intestines which can induce a vagal response (feels like pregnancy contractions). 