
The AU doc departs and leaves the doctor to get prepped. Legs up in the stirrups. Speculum in. At this point, I'm nervous to the point of babbling, so I ask him about the Weird Al choices in music. He lol's and goes on to tell me about how he got to see some singer (wish I could remember who) here in town on a whim. Apparently Weird Al contacted this singer and wanted to do a parody of one of his songs, so the singer (now reduced to lounge singing in Reno) got very excited and now gets all sorts of royalty checks from Mr. Yankovic. All while he's telling me this very invigorating story, he's dilating my cervix by using progressively bigger gauging tubes. I think I felt about 6 go in, from 0 cm to about 2 cm dilation. This HURT. Bad. It felt like I was being stabbed from the inside. I tried so hard not to squirm but it HURT. I managed not to move around too much. Once he got my cervix dilated to 2 cm, he inserted the aspiration straw and began. All the while, telling me the lounge singer story. The actual aspiration feels exactly as you'd expect it would: I could feel a blunt pressure from the inside of my uterus, like a long crooked finger (think E.T.). There was one loud suction noise, more blunt pressure (kind of exploratory, if you will), one more loud suction noise and then he was done. Speculum removed, legs put down and suddenly, like that, I was no longer pregnant.

10:20 a.m. - I'm allowed to get up and retrieve my underwear. They've gone as far as putting a pad in it for me (uh, thanks?) and are now walking me to the recovery room like I'm at risk to fall at any moment. Nice, but unnecessary since I didn't have the sedation. The doctor comes back in and asks me (more like a statement though) "you didn't have any sedation?" He was impressed, but thought I was just really lucid on the table. Ha ha, joke's on him. I'm a control freak.

10:25 a.m. - The recovery room is basically a dark-lit room with recliners in it and heating pads plugged in everywhere. One of the other gals was already sitting next to me, looking like she'd been punched in the gut. Her boyfriend was there, rubbing her back. I got sat down and got asked if I wanted some 7-up to quell the nausea. Didn't have any... didn't even really have any pain at all, but I wanted some 7-up anyway. They bring the soda and I relax for a few minutes. 

10:30 a.m. - They forgot to get a blood sample. Oh FYI, I'm Rh-, so I get the Rhogam shot to prevent my blood from freaking out and possibly killing me from the inside out. I told them I'm A- and could provide my blood donor card if they needed proof, but insisted on a blood sample. Whatever, try getting blood from my cold hands. Literally, they're freezing. I had to masturbate (guy style, tyvm) my finger to get some blood to come out. Raunchy. While they check the blood, they ask me to go check myself in the restroom to see if I'm bleeding heavily. I go in and go potty and determine that I'm not bleeding heavier than normal. I was told it'd be similar to a period, so I guess I'm okay. I return to the recovery room and get escorted into a different exam room to get the Rhogam shot.

10:40 a.m. - Shot done, I'm escorted back to the recovery room. The assistant asks me if I have anyone in the waiting room for me and I ask her to bring Husband in. By this point, I figure he has no idea what's going on, since we both assumed I'd be out in between "counseling session" and "procedure." That was not the case. He gets escorted back to where I am and gives me this look that will forever break my heart.

"Is it done?"

"Yes."

Husband cries.

10:50 a.m. - We're allowed to leave the clinic. I've been given some samples of Yaz, which I'm paranoid about taking because of all the wacky lawsuit stuff I've been seeing everywhere. They also gave me some prescriptions for a bleeding reducer and an anti-inflammatory, just in case. I'll stick with the Motrin. On our way out of the clinic, I get waved down and asked about my lack of sedation again. This time there's a bunch of assistants and the doctor all waiting to hear about it. I guess it isn't common? Whatever. I was polled on the pain level. I gave it a 6 overall, but said the dilation was the worst at about a 9. "Wow!" I felt like a hero.

We pass two teenagers in the in-between room (between inside the clinic and outside, that room that traps you). They're freaking out, not wanting to go in. I felt bad for them and wanted to say something, but not with Husband there. We got to his truck, got in and drove out of the parking lot. The protesters had left by then (it was snowing/sleeting bad on Wednesday, suppose they got too cold). We head home.

--

After I got home, I stayed in bed all day and made phone calls to parents whom I told I was pregnant already (dumb mistake on my part). I lied and told them I miscarried. While all of this was my choice, it wasn't their business. And the end result is the same, in their eyes at least.

I bled for about 2 days, heavily, but not worry inducing. And then it was over.

Thank you for reading... this was oddly cathartic to go over again.