TwoX prioritizes and focuses on women's perspectives. Men, and those who identify as another gender or outside the binary, can most certainly offer their own perspectives as well. Absolutely. It's just that this is primarily a space that focuses on women.

And, in that, when trans women have their existence as women challenged, it's not a question in good faith or one that needs respecting. It's not a topic that needs defending. If someone asks why they should accept a trans woman as a woman here, the best answer remains "Because she is." It's honestly that simple.

I, and many others here, understand that many people are uneducated and ignorant about trans people, and there will be confusion, but they are not entitled to answers from this specific community, and they should have the common decency to do a quick search on reddit or google to get answers to what questions they might have (and really, there are thousands upon thousands of online resources to clarify this and provide education...it's not terribly difficult stuff to track down) if they feel it's that important to them. Because the difference is, trans people's lived experiences don't chalk up as beliefs. They're facts. The people carrying around beliefs are those who are ignorant and haven't immersed themselves in the available knowledge, and thus rely on "common sense", media representations, and what's loosely taught early on in education. It's not an echo chamber for people to define a demographic a specific way and stick to it when people challenge it. This sub, really, has been more of a community support sub than anything else, so while there can be some debates, it's not truly the sole, or even main, focus of the sub. it's a byproduct of discussion at times, but big debates don't tend to happen too often.

Anywho, people aren't horrible people if they DO ask these sorts of questions. They just don't deserve answers and explanations, nor do they deserve to be treated with kid gloves because they don't know. I don't post incredibly often on reddit, or TwoX, but it's always been nice to pop by the subreddit and know I wouldn't have to constantly explain my existence to people over and over and over, especially when it's mentally and emotionally exhausting a fair bit of the time. I knew TwoX was generally supportive of trans women and I wouldn't have to worry about personal attacks or inappropriate questions, or having to put on my teacher hat every time I came around.

Questions and requests for knowledge are better handled in subs meant for that, like the ones 1fish10fish mentioned. I'd personally like for people to read the FAQ and scan the list of related subreddits at the side before they ask off-topic questions, but we can't all get what we want, I suppose. 