My dad had twin girls, and no other children. I think it was a big shock, especially because he grew up with only brothers. But he's done a great job. (in fact, I think I'll go randomly tell him that)  I don't live at home anymore, but if you want to be a good dad, all you have to do is be a fraction of the dad that I had. 

I remember when I was really little, we'd play with blocks. We'd have competitions to build the tallest tower. Since he was taller, he'd always win. He helped me out by holding me up so I could keep putting blocks on my tower until it was taller. But no matter who won, he'd always let me knock over the towers at the end (the best part). When I was older, we played with legos. We'd have competitions to build the better house, or just work on a house together, since we didn't have enough window pieces. He'd go to the store and ask which video games were the most popular, and get me them for Christmas. We'd play them together. When I was younger, my best memories are of trying to beat levels with my dad. The games were easy enough for my level, and my dad was terrible at figuring them out, so we were evenly matched.  None of this is different from having a son, really; we did the same things. He let me play with my barbies with my girl friends I'd have over, but he bonded with me with other games. 

I was in softball as a kid, but I was more the type to stand in the outfield and poke at the anthills. I just wasn't into it. My dad tried to get me to throw a baseball around in the backyard with him, but I wasn't into that either. That's ok though. We'd go to baseball games, and he'd sit next to me and teach me details about the game. Basically, if I wasn't interested in the same things he was, he'd find a middle ground. Going to sports games was a compromise that didn't even feel like one. 

He loved to teach me things. Mostly it was just him talking about things; if we were in the car or something and conversation was tough, he'd start telling me about something and teaching me about it. He'd pick topics he knew or liked; baseball was a big one, but also little things like how credit cards worked or how you pay bills or look for a house/car to buy - things that our family was doing. He'd try to keep me involved and teach me at the same time. 

I remember he'd "hire" me to work at his office sometimes. I'd do little things like clean or sort boxes, basically stuff I actually knew how to do. Once when I was 12 at his office, I got my period and didn't have any supplies with me (I still hadn't mastered that). I had to ask my dad for help. Telling him I was on my period and asking for help was super embarrassing. I could tell he didn't have a clue what to do. He looked freaked out, but was incredibly kind - asked "what do we need to do? Do we need to go to the store and buy anything?" He was halfway out of his chair to go to the car when I told him the restrooms had vending machines and I just needed some quarters. He had no idea women's rooms had those. I remember being really embarrassed, but I was so relieved he handled that well. He let me know he was willing to do anything so that I'd get what I needed, even though he didn't understand.

He'd tell me I was beautiful when it was obvious that I'd tried hard to look good, like if we were all going out as a family and I was dressed up and wearing makeup and all that - he'd make sure to compliment me. But most importantly, he'd tell me he was proud of me. Even for no reason, just randomly. When I'd get a bad grade, especially when I was younger in elementary school, he'd sit down next to me. He'd ask me if I had tried my best. I'd say yes, and he'd respond "well, then I'm proud of you." Even if I'd been lying about trying my best (what else could I have said?) I got the message.  

When I was living at home, he'd always tell me he loved me, and say "You're a good kid." He'd say that every day he could, or at least every other day. He still randomly texts it to me sometimes. I remember if I'd get in a fight with my mom, my sister, or even with him, he'd comfort me by telling me that. Even if I was in the wrong and being a stupid, hormonal, crazy teenager (it happens).  Once my mom and I got in a huge fight. Screaming, yelling, quiet insults that sting at me (and at my mom, I'm sure) years later. My mom bursts out of the room away from me, and I'm sobbing my eyeliner off. My dad walks in really quiet and sits next to me. He tells me that my mom loves me. He pats me on the shoulder and gets me a tissue and goes away so I can cry. I still remember that, because in retrospect, I was being an absolute bitch to my mom, and that was the woman my dad loves. Why would he comfort me? He'd have been well within his rights to yell at me himself. But he tried to empathize with me in my ugliest moment and remind me that he loved me. That meant the world to me (not a lot at the time, but definitely now). 

TL;DR: Bond with her in ways that interest both of you. You can let her have girly moments with her friends or her mom and you don't have to learn to braid hair and paint nails, but you'll find middle ground. Be understanding and patient with puberty things - just because you don't know what it's like doesn't mean you can't support her. Tell her you're proud of her, you love her, and instill your morals and values in her. Teach her things whenever you can. When she's being a crazy teenager and feels like no one understands, let her know you're there for her. The fact that you're making this post means you'll be a great parent. Thanks for reading this (I didn't mean to go on so long) and good luck!