I feel much the same, with both parents. (I'm 21 so I'm still pretty young) 

A lot of people I know seem to have fairly close relationships with them, but for my family it just doesn't seem to work. It feels often as if any 'family time' was more an obligation like for the most part any 'let's go out as a family' rapidly faded off when I entered my teens. Like it was beyond the obligated age for 'take the kids out so we won't bother'  

They are fairly 'old' parents compared to some people I know which is probably plays some part and I don't think either of them had particularly nurturing backgrounds like my dad is the son of two missionaries and he got pushed into boarding school young, my mum was one of six kids and I think there were some problems. 

But yes there's also been none of that 'tell you about the family' like there's a few bits here and there but no real 'family heritage' and I don't have a lot of contact with extended family,( but that might be for the best actually)

My parents were pretty good on the 'material/physical needs' side but not so much emotional, I got bullied in school a lot and also I'm dyspraxic so I could've done with the support (still could) but it didn't happen and I've honestly never had a 'heart to heart' or a 'emotional comfort' thing from them really. And I just don't feel I can go and talk to them. And so haven't got the 'life advice' source or anything of that nature.

My mum did involve me with her crafting hobbies for a little while, but that didn't last. And also my mum isn't very 'girly' so I think the 'girls go shopping/night in/night out' stuff just wouldn't happen anyway but yes we never really 'hang out' like some people I know and their mums. 

And I've tried to talk about/involve my parents in things I enjoy but it doesn't work probably because some of it is gaming related or movies or tv and they just don't want to be interested, (my dad openly goes things like 'gaming is a waste of time' or 'wasting your life playing games' etc or even if you suggest him a film he'll go 'don't have time to waste')  like they both have a fairly narrow range of what they like, and even though I know there's a few shows my mum likes that I like she just doesn't want me there to watch them with her or anything. 

And just a whole combination of other things I think has just lead to it actually being 'better' for the most part with my family if to an extent we just do our own things (but I do have a fairly good realtionship with my older brother) and don't cross paths more than needed otherwise disagreements tend to kick off (usually my dad's doing but that's a whole other either but he has a very short temper and so there's often a lot of shouting in the house a lot of it gets directed at me and is often disproportionate for the thing that caused it and insulting and it kind of is at the 'I'm not making any excuses for him now' ) 

If any 'let's sit down as a family/do something/go for a meal' stuff happens, like when my oldest brother comes home for a visit it just feels weird. (Without the 'I don't feel anything I have to say will be valued/if I try to talk about something it will generally get derailed) 

I also get the feeling my parents often just don't want me around, like they don't want me taking up space anywhere that's not my room like if I'm in the living room on my laptop chances are my mum will say 'why not go in your room/the dining room'. 

So yeah it's much the same for me. 
