Hi Dov,
Happy Birthday from an internet stranger.
I'm sorry for the slow response, my husband and I traveling and running a new business at the moment so things have been a tad hectic.

Thankyou for your kind words. I think for my husband and I, is that the way we see it is that our experiences in life can define our characters only in the ways we choose to allow them to. Bad experiences can make you a person who contributes positively to the world and the lives of others.... or it can not. But that choice is entirely up to you. For me that means I am determined to treat the people in my life with more kindness, patience, and that I never speak to them the way I was spoken to, or treated. That choice is up to us.

We are never defined by what happens to us, we are defined by the marks we leave behind us. The people who remember us for the impact we made on their lives. Our goodness lives on. I think I once described it to a friend as our actions are our own little piece of garden in the world- we can fill that garden with roses, hollyhocks, lavender. Or it can just be dead grass.

It's good you use a web client, gmail can be easily configured to do what you want it to do.
I'll link to google's tutorials below, as they will likely be better than mine. However, if you have any questions, feel free to ask.

https://code.google.com/p/gmail-delay-send/

https://code.google.com/p/gmail-delay-send/wiki/GmailDelaySendInstall_8

https://code.google.com/p/gmail-delay-send/wiki/GmailDelaySendFirstMessage_8

It's the middle of the night in my part of the world, so I'm afraid I can't act on your birthday wish at this very moment.
However, I think your birthday wish should translate in to small acts of kindness, so I'll try a little and give you mine for the day.

1. A good friend of my husbands computer broke. He has kids and not a lot of cash. We surprised him with a new laptop we setup for him and his kids earlier today.

2. There is a very kind homeless gentleman who hangs out at our local mcdonalds, and is well known for hanging out at the local tourist area and helping people get onto the right bus, sometimes paying their fare. We bought him dinner before we hopped a plane to our next destination.

3. The lady behind us on the plane had a daughter who was crying because her ears weren't popping, her parents were sleeping. I passed her some chewy candy and showed her how to swallow so they'd pop. We spent some of the plane ride watching frozen together till she fell asleep.

4. We gave a lift to a guy on the plane with us who had to make a meeting after a plane re-direct after his original flight had double engine failure (yay finnair).

5. Left a compliment with a lady's manager for excellent service- she was very happy, said it wasn't that common (even though she was awesome and totally deserved it). 

Then we got to the hotel and passed out, lol.
So I can't directly fulfill it but I hope it cheers you a little.

If I can help with anything else, please let me know.
And you aren't cancer guy. You're a good man doing his best in circumstances most couldn't handle. I think you are very brave.

E
