I'm so sorry you have to go through this.

I totally understand where you're coming from. You seriously aren't the problem though. I'm the opposite body type (lanky, barely any curves, barely any breasts) and I get this shit all the time as well. Although, I'm ethnic as well and have been offered modeling contracts too. I've never been offered hooters though, since I seriously have *barely* b cups. This type of behaviour still happens. A girl posted here a week ago or so saying she was afraid of going outside and could barely live her life anymore because of this type of behaviour towards her and I identified with her so so well it was a little disconcerting.

Don't hate your own self. People who do this shit will do it regardless of your measurements or your clothing. I'm the opposite body type and I dress really really conservatively, and I still get this.

I think everyone who gets this harassment goes through these stages. It's kind of like the stages of grief.

* Denial, trying to ignore it, especially when it happens the very first time and you're in shock a little bit.

* Anger, screaming at the people harassing you, hating people, hating yourself, hating society, being beyond yourself with anger at this existence and this reality.

* Bargaining, trying to dress differently to deter the harassment (it never works), walking in different areas, walking with a bitch face on, trying to hide yourself, trying to be less than you are, looking into surgery, getting rid of makeup, doing anything and everything you think you might have to do to get this harassment to stop while still being able to at least live your everyday life.

* Depression, you know this one, I know this one. I don't think I need to elaborate on it.

* Acceptance. I don't know what to tell you about this one, I'm not there yet, I'm hoping it'll come.

As for practical advice, I don't know how much help I can be, I don't have it figured out yet. The skirt and dress thing: I put leggings on under everything regardless of weather. That way, even if someone does try to do the upskirt thing, I'm less vulnerable. If they try to get a picture, I'm still covered and if they try to feel me up, it's less disturbing and I can stop them before they get any further.

I always put on a normal layer of leggings and then black footed tight over those leggings so it's totally not see through in any way (so people can't use sheerness as an excuse or something), then I put on a cami that has an elastic bandeau around the breast area, and then I put on whatever else I'm wearing that day. The cami eliminates any cleavage I might ever have and makes my breasts less visible if whatever I'm wearing is low cut.

I don't necessarily do all this just to hide myself. I still do this even if I'm wearing jeans and a t-shirt because I think it'll slow my future rapist down and give me a better fighting chance.

If I only wanted to hide, I would go the sweatpants route but those are easy to rip off and I also still needed to dress appropriately for work and internships and school and such.

I know this is all a very bad mentality and I'm not giving any solutions to the root problem but this is what has worked for me (in helping me keep my sanity and being able to live my life). It gives me mental strength. I still get harassed, I get grabbed a little less but even when someone does grab me, it's never skin on skin anymore.

I know in an ideal world, the solution would involve reforming people and ending the harassment. I've never been able to.

I don't have any real solutions for you. I know the proper advice is not to hide yourself and to not let these people affect you but I guess I'm a hypocrite.

I'm at this point in my life where I have developed a physical aversion to being touched and feeling their disgusting eyes on me. I've been getting heavily harassed for years and it takes a mental toll so before anybody starts judging me for acting the way I act, please consider that. I know it's not right and the fact that I don't have any solutions bothers me too but I just haven't found anything else helpful yet.

I'm only offering this advice as an alternate to surgery/throwing away your clothes; and I'm assuring you, there is no need to be ashamed of yourself, you're not the problem by any means.

Edit: Formatting