I feel like you didn't really read my post :X


I wasn't blaming him. I suggested that we explore further options but he wasn't willing to, which is what's frustrating. I mean yes, the snoring is frustrating but I am willing to work through it, as long as we explore all of our options. 


Why do you think he's done all he can? After our argument he did go see the doctor again and was given more advice and was referred to an allergist. A specialist would definitely have more insight into his allergies and have better treatment plans. He was also advised to keep the cat out of the bedroom - which is something I can definitely do. But all these, which is further exploring solutions and us "working together", is what should've happened. An allergist is not some crazy idea I just created in my head. It's actually a pretty common solution family doctors provide. (in Canada). 


He gave me plenty of attitude and anger while saying all that he said, while I started the conversation rather calmly and diplomatically. I kept pleading with that I don't want this to turn into an argument, I simply would like to re engage the doctor given neither of us know much about allergies. But hey, fuck me because I'm not a pushover and refuse to take attitudes?


Unfortunately for us, there is no "separate room" that I can sleep in. I left to sleep at my mom's is 1) I need a good night's sleep after 3 nights of crappy ones, especially on a work week. 2) I'm "fed up" with his attitude, not just on this issue, but every single time I want to talk about something, it's always a "negative". Him saying "I'm doing all I can" is a pretty regular saying he says, which is pretty much a shut down that he refuses to discuss further despite obvious solutions. Like I indicated in the post, we've had significant problems so me "leaving" is actually not something I've done, but this is it for me. 


I'm not here to seek advice about this issue or other issues but I guess it was the last thing happened so I wrote it down. 


Your comment makes me sad. I hope other people seek thorough understanding of medical problems and solutions before resorting to give up.