Nothing you're describing sounds at all disappointing or gross or outside the realm of "normal and expected of real people who are not made of Photoshop magic and plastic." Anyone can describe themselves as ugly and even horrifically deformed if they want. For example, my breasts are uneven, like most women's, and they're large-ish but shallow and wide set so that I can't create cleavage. My hips and butt are huge and they violin, which is to say they have a dip in the middle that's like a permanent muffin top. My thighs are thick, my legs are short, my jaw is not nearly as defined as I'd like, my face is often greasy, my hips and thighs are riddled with stretch marks, I have scars on my stomach and I have large patches of vitiligo on my torso and my legs. My butt and thighs have cellulite and acne or ingrown hairs, I have more of a tummy than I want, my arms are flabby, and my feet have a really weird shape, like weird enough to make shoes hard to fit into, and my knees are legitimately fat so much so that I had to have a specialist look at them once because my pediatrician was worried that it might be a symptom of an actual problem, and to top it all off I barely have labia minora so my vulvas looks pretty strange in its own right. 

And you know what? My boyfriend has never minded, and most of it he hasn't noticed. What he's noticed (and told me about) is my smile, my fairly full lips, the dimples at the bottom of my back, the shape of my legs and butt (and I'm pretty sure he doesn't even notice the cellulite or acne), the shape and color of my eyes, my laugh, the general shape of my body, odd hips included, and I'm sure more things like that that he hasn't told me about. The only negative things he's had to say about my body revolved around the things I put on it, like he HATES lipstick and makeup in general.

Of course, he's not flawless, either. He has huge stretch marks running from the bottom of his ribs to the tops of his thighs, and they're still an angry red now. He's overweight, even obese according to his BMI. He has some pretty severe eczema on his knuckles and probably also on his elbows but I'm not sure. I'm sure there are other things he could list for you, but in 4 years of dating, that's basically all I've ever noticed and none of them has made a difference in how attracted I am to him. Instead, his perfectly straight nose and asymmetrical dimpled smile and blue green eyes and perfect laugh and his widows peak hairline that he hates but I love and his chest hair and the way he makes me laugh when I'm stressed or hurting and the few times I've seen him really being emotionally vulnerable are the things that keep me falling in love with him and wanting to jump his bones most of the time. 

Any partner worth a shit is going to feel the same way about your body. Maybe the things that are unexpected will register, but they won't matter. They may even become quirks that are attractive in their own right because they're on you, like some oddly placed moles I have apparently are. You need to seek therapy to get a healthier perspective on this.