1) He is NOT the man of your dreams, he is the current man of your dreams.

2)

This -> "he got the notion that our relationship is a trial, and Satan knows him so well and has tempted him with me and my dis-belief "

I went through something similar with a women. My lightbulb moment. "I want you to tell our future children that they will LITERALLY drink the blood of a man each Sunday" woke me up.

What you are hearing is the religious establishment talking through this mans lips - he is deep in and can not think for himself.  It's too late for him.
He will take the churches side over you and your family, EVERY time.

He may have nice attributes, but, ask yourself, would you answer a dating profile if the first paragraph contained something to the above?
I doubt it.

The part of him behind thinking you are the devil, will snap at some point in your life, he may lose his faith, his reason to be a good person 
maybe lose the fear of god... etc... and he will take it out on you and the people you love.

Do yourself a favour, find a good honest atheist man who is the right person for the right reasons, not because of the fear of an imaginary
book character.

If you stay with him, you will have children, you WILL be manipulated in to bringing them up in his way as "if you loved him you would do this... as you are a strong person... blah blah , besides if you don't believe its real it doesn't matter if we teach our kids this this and this" ... nor are fairies, but
you don't base your life around them. 

Could you live with yourself if one day, your child / grandchildren turns to you and says, and sincerely means.. " Mom, Aunt, Gran, you are the devil and we cast you out "

You'll feel better eventually, go online, find some meet up groups, to do all the things you have been prevented or forbidden to do as part of your "support" for his faith.  I'm making an assumption here... as I had to give up things I loved to "support" their faith.

You are young, pick up your stuff, travel the world, meet people. Please save yourself.


