My significant other was exposed to this a little over a year ago; she had a husband who she was trying to divorce that was abusing her children verbally, mentally, and physically. He was abusing my SO physically, mentally, verbally, and sexually. He refused to sign the divorce papers she had filed for over 2 years. At the time, her and I were good friends; one day, after not hearing from her for over a month, she called me and said she needed to see me ASAP. When I saw her, her left eye was swollen shut, and she was covered in bruises. He raped her the previous night. My heart broke in two upon seeing what he had done to her. She has severe PTSD and shut down while it happened; all she told me was that the following morning she couldn't remember anything that had happened after 8 the previous night and that she felt "unclean" and incorrect down near her genitals. (I've watched her shut down since then during times of incredible stress.) She saw the police, grabbed her children, and got the fuck out of there; my family sheltered her and her children for 6 months to get her and her children away from what is still the most deplorable situation I've ever been involved in in my entire life. A PFA was put into place that covers her and her two daughters. She's currently fighting a huge legal battle for custody of the one child they have together, and he's been toying with her to get her to break psychologically so he can claim she's unfit as a mother; last month, he filed for full custody of their 4 year old son due to bullshit reasons. Thankfully, since she's been staying with me, I've been making sure to document the state the child is in when he's picked up from seeing his dad (they have a joint custody order, but she has primary physical custody). To give you an idea of how big a shitbag this fucker is, he's handed the 4 year old back to her with a ruptured ear drum; never bothered taking him to the doctor or anything. We took him down to the county hospital and had everything documented.

The best part is that this shithead expects her to resort to a public defender in order to fight the legal battle he just opened up; he's a rich asshole who can afford one of the slimiest lawyers I've ever had the displeasure of interacting with. I helped her get a private lawyer who, when he saw all the evidence that we had collected, said this was going to be an easy case. Hilariously, all of the "evidence" that the other side of this battle collected was done so in direct violation of the PFA that was put into place last August, so this dumbass just shot himself in the foot; he just doesn't realize it yet.

As someone who's helping someone he loves dearly go through this type of bullshit, you have my deepest sympathy. Healing will not be fast or easy, and you may require a psychiatrist, along with a good counselor, but you'll heal over time. Just remember that it isn't your fault in any capacity whatsoever, and that there are people out there who will help you through this.