I had the same problem, though not hairband related (I call them hairbands, too). I'm from Milwaukee, Wisconsin and we call drinking fountains, bubblers. That lead to a bit of confusion when I was visiting a friend and his family in California and asked for a bubbler while we were walking around on Venice Beach (this was also the trip where I learned asking for a bubbler probably made sense to this family since I had previously asked them for a Tyme Machine- this was mid-90s, and the word ATM was unheard of in my area, and Tyme was the company that made the money dispensing machines, so I had no idea there was another possible name- my friend told me his parents asked him if I was on acid or pot when I was looking for a Tyme machine, so clearly asking for the bubbler didn't help). 

And since you're from OZ, you may appreciate this one, though I'm not sure if you use the same term. I moved to New Zealand after college and picked up a nanny job, and a few days after I started, the mom asked me if I wanted her pot plants because the baby kept eating the leaves. I had no clue how to react. I went home and told my Kiwi roommates about how awkward that was and they were confused why I found anything out of the ordinary with the question. I told the story to a few other Kiwi friends over the next couple of days, and was still confused why I was getting such odd reactions for finding this an amusing story, until one person who had family in the US laughed and told me pot plants are plants in pots. Somehow it never occurred to me that's what she could have meant.

I spent time in OZ, too, and came across more words in both countries that I didn't recognize, but the other funny confusion was car warrants. My roommate said there was a warrant for his car, so I thought we were driving around in a stolen car. We don't have anything like warrants here, and my Kiwi roommate had no idea that warrants weren't needed in other countries, so this back and forth went on for quite a bit with neither of us having any idea what the other was talking about. 

Another random word that seems very specific to my area is jimmies- which is what we call the sprinkles on ice cream. 