>The thing with male violence is that it is often mutual violence or at least expected violence as a result of the business involved (other crimes like dealing drugs, mafia etc). It's not the same thing as random violence on average people which I would expect to be a much smaller occurance.

In Norway (according to a report from Oslo in 2009) about 40 % of male violence victims are victims of random violence. For women, the by far largest context is domestic  violence with 38,7 %. So I'm not really sure that your hypothesis holds water. I guess it is also worth mentioning that the actual percentage of victims is around 90 % men and 10 % women for all violent crimes.

>And no offense, even a smaller man is more powerful than a woman most of the times. We are not equivalent to small men. We are not just weaker by size but also weaker even when matched. And it's not just the strenght, it's the sexual element. I may get beat up, but I far worse fear sexual assault. And you as a man, live in a world where stronger than you men might beat you up. i live in a world where any person stronger than me might want to fuck me and not take no for an answer. I have had men "take me down a notch" by grabbing my boob or fondling me. You cannot imagine how humiliating and horrifying that is. And again, that is a constant possibility at the back of your mind. Even if you assume people are more civilized, they can choose not to be.

I completely get the sexual element and I also get the feeling of being overmatched, but my smaller male friends tout similar fears when we discuss whether or not to share a cab. Where I can freely go where I want, they can't. 

I do agree that they are less likely to be the victim of rape (by a 7 to 3 or 9 to 1 margin, depending on how you count), but if you look at the statistics, the odds of being raped by someone you do not know is marginal for both genders. If you look at the statistics from Oslo, something like 1,1 % of violent crimes with female victims were sexual. And only a relatively small subset of these are assault rapes. Hopefully, you don't think I mean to downplay the importance of rape or trivialize the threat, I just think that the actual threat or risk is far lower than what many people perceive.  

So I apologize if I seem a bit blunt, but I feel that there is a disconnect between actual and perceived risk. I think the media is partially to blame - it is far more tabolid-friendly to blow up e "the evil immigrants rape our women", than to say that "well, most rapes happen with people you know and trust". 