I've been on 300mg of Wellbutrin for almost 20 years. But what we talk about all the time on /r/depression is that effectiveness, side effects, interactions, etc are all completely individual so you can't really ask others for their own experiences because it won't be representative of your own, and then generally it ends up scaring others off from trying a medication because of what they heard from others. 

But Wellbutrin is a stimulant and can cause sleep issues, even if you take it in the morning because it builds up from taking it daily and your body may slowly metabolize it, so it eventually is in your system 24/7. That is actually the goal with anti-depressants, that they stay in your system otherwise it would be like taking Tylenol for a fever, and have your fever shoot up every four hours once the Tylenol wears off. When it comes to mental health, you don't want your mental health symptoms shooting up every few hours when the drug wears off.

Sometimes the side effects subside after your body gets used to it, usually in about 10 days. Sometimes it does not. In my lifetime, I've been on over 30 medications, and cocktails of medications for my depression, and all that were discontinued were done so because they either didn't work for me or they caused side effects that interfered too much with my life. I have always responded well to Wellbutrin, but I actually can only take the brand name. I was once switched to the generic (I take generics for other meds, so it wasn't the placebo effect) and plummeted so quickly that I ended up hospitalized (generics only need to be 80% of the brand, and generics aren't run in drug trials, not to mention there are multiple companies making generics and what you get from the pharmacy is whichever generic they have in stock, so that 20% maybe varying with each prescription to the point of the medication not working for you or causing side effects). 

Another example, I started on a brand new anti-depressant in the beginning of April. I started having horrific non-stop nausea and daily vomiting. I read online that others had nausea as well, but it subsided after about ten days. I stayed on the med 10 days before deciding I couldn't handle it anymore, and now 6 weeks later, I'm still nauseated and puking daily (med has a really long half life, and my metabolism must be so slow that it's not getting out of my system). I've been prescibed several anti-nausea drugs, including zofran which helps severe pregnancy as well as chemo nausea, and none of the meds brought me any relief. And this is a med that is used for extreme chemo nausea- point being, how a med will work for you is completely individual. Abilify made me dead tired when I took it in the morning, and gave me insomnia when I took it at night- go figure. 

Anti-depressants are not only trial and error as far as finding which medication works for you, in what dosage, and in what possible combination with other meds, but they also take several weeks to build up in your body to have full effect. It's just the nature of the beast (and why they use ECT for urgent life or death cases that don't have that kind of time to wait it out to see if it works). I saw you complain about your psych in another comment. You need to be your own advocate- track your symptoms (side effects as well as possible mood improvement symptoms), demand to get explanations for why you are being prescribed what and whether it will have an interaction with your birth control, and say you want to switch if it's not working. And if your psych is not willing to work with you, then switch psychs. This is your health, and you need to be comfortable with the person in charge of helping you to get healthy and improve your quality of life. 

Also, make sure you are in therapy- medication when combined with therapy is far more effective than either on their own. For most people, their depression was caused by something in their life- a traumatic event, low self esteem or self worth issues, stress, relationships, family, etc (I have endogenous, genetic depression so I know this isn't true for everyone), so you really can't fully address the problem with just meds and not make any changes to your actual life or thinking pattern and expect to get better or things to randomly change- anti-depressants are not happy pills. Just some added advice- I know this wasn't part of your original question. 