Technically, feminism and men's rights shouldn't be mutually exclusive. However, the people I've come across who are a part of the men's rights movement don't seem overly concerned with liberating themselves from stereotypes, they seem pre-occupied with how feminists are devil spawn and trying to take everything away from them. There seems to be this centrally misguided idea that women have tons of privilege, and what's more that we've had it for quite some time, and that what we're due is to be put in our place. So, basically just full circle back to patriarchal misogyny and furthering the stereotypes of what a man should be.

The cognitive dissonance is so strong with many of these people that they've actually rewritten history in their heads to place men and women on equal footing all the way up to the modern era, at which point we now have more rights than they do. It's a verifiably incorrect position, but they won't pick up a history book because anything proving them wrong has to be written by a feminist sympathizer.

Personally, I am all for helping men break free of their stereotypes, but this particular group strikes me as misguided and dangerous, not only because of the revisionist tripe, but because men's rights are *in no way*in any danger. Yes, there are things that it'd be nice for them to be granted, like paid paternity leave, but I think securing paid maternity leave is infinitely more important because the woman is the one who just had the baby. She needs time to physically recover, and most companies don't yet offer that (at least in America). There's a clear difference of need, and I think it's selfish and infantile for men to bitch about not getting more benefits than they already do, when women don't even get the time to heal from pushing seven pounds of flesh out of a two inch hole.

So to answer your question succinctly: yes, I think pushing for men's rights removes the focus from women's goals and rights. I *do not* think that we should ignore men, I simply think they are not in a position of need like women are. If, in the course of pursuing feminism, I can help a man step beyond patriarchal constraints, great. But no, I will not be out there lobbying for men's benefits when they have been given everything and decided everything throughout history, while women still have to fight to remain legally autonomous beings in 2014. Men may have painted themselves into a corner with the patriarchy, but *they did it to themselves.* No one else. 