I started having sex at 13. I do not think it 'messed me up' in any way at all. I wanted it, felt ready for it, and my bf ( same age) was respectful and just as eager as I was to make it a fun experience. We were both very serious about using condoms, being educated, and being safe. We did not have the internet, this was many years before home computers were even a 'thing' so we went off to the library to look up how everything worked and to get real facts that were left out of school 'sex ed'.  When we did start having sex we had the facts down and had a lot of fun. He didnt talk bad about me or tell everyone I was a 'slut' and actually many of the same age we went to school with were also starting to have sex. Maybe because it was such a small town even if it was bible belt, there were not a whole lot of virgins left by high school.

What I can tell you is this. Having to sneak around parents was the worst. We didnt like lying. Not being sure what would happen if we did slip up was horrible. Having parents trust and respect for choosing your own time to be ready for sex is something a lot of people miss out on. If she is worried she will be kicked out, there is a lot of communication that is not happening that really needs to. Seeing classmates get pregnant, kicked out, drop out of school was horrifying. But none of this stopped us from having sex. 

Maybe it helped that I decided at 12 that I never ever wanted to have kids. ( 38 and never once changed my mind). And that we never talked or pretended we would want kids. And that we were broke teens who found out you can get loads of free condoms just by walking into a local health department office and asking or just taking some from the box on the counter ( we both took tons and even gave them out to friends). And that condom machines were in nearly every gas station bathroom for a few quarters if we really needed them.

She feels comfortable talking with you. Will her parents get her on birth control? Take her to a gyno without shaming her? Tell her that they love her and even if it was not what they would choose for her that they will give her every bit of help they can so she can be safe and know she can talk with them? Because she needs that in her life. 

She also needs to understand consent and how to say no. What respect is and what manipulation is. That only she can say when she is ready and that anyone that says 'if you love me you will do this' is not worth her love.

I think I had and still have a good attitude towards sex. I learned to be safe and have always been safe. Not everyone who starts young is an abuse victim or bound to be one.  Sure if I could do it over again I would have said no to a few partners I have had along the way, but I think it is safe to say we all have a few regrets in our sex lives and these were not traumatising simply things or people we probably would have been better off not being in a relationship. 

I am not a sex addict. I have not been raped. I have not been an addict. I have only had 15 partners though my life. I have had good short and long term relationships ( longest 8 years). I know what I want in love and sex.

Is she mature enough? Maybe not. But if she chooses nothing short of locking her up will stop her and that will surely destroy her. 

Edit. Just noticed the fetal syndrome. Does she actually have impulse control issues? Has she seen a doctor or been getting ongoing help for this? It may very well be about control for her but you have to be the judge about if she is in control of herself or not.