The thing that kills me the most about his behavior is how suddenly he changed. I'm not blaming G for it, but it was after he mentioned meeting her that he suddenly began drinking more and changed his views on family and careers (he mentioned wanting to drop out of school and just "doing whatever", a complete 180 from him initially wanting to own his own business) so quickly. 

I'm not going to excuse his behavior at all, but the man who broke up with me by phone is not the sweet person I originally fell in love with. He was kind and caring at first. When I was sick he brought me medicine and rubbed my back. He would mention how much he looked forward to being a dad and having his own family. He would drink occasionally but if he got drunk would be silly and affectionate. He's even the one who said "I love you" first. He had several close female friends but I never thought twice about it, they were all in relationships and all told me that he talked about me nonstop and they'd never seen him so happy before. I never knew about an alcohol problem until much more recently and he always presented himself in a way that I only thought the best of him.

Looking back now these red flags all seem so much more apparent, but he was so charming that even if he did something that made me upset he could talk me out of being angry quote easily. Otherwise, I wouldn't have dealt with it for so long.

I just feel like an idiot for being so easily manipulated, and I feel dirty knowing those pictures are in his possession. I'm 26 and haven't had a relationship where I haven't been cheated on and with working two jobs, going to the gym regularly, and going back to school I just don't see how I'll even have the chance to meet someone new.

And with my track record I just don't think I can believe that I won't be cheated on again. Each of the three guys I dated all had very different personalities and interests, and all of them cheated. The only common factor between them all is me, and it's really making me believe that I'm the kind of person that somehow just pushes people to be unfaithful.