Really sorry this is so long.  While it’s really difficult to give solid advice on the internet (and while I would caution you to be wary of getting mental health advice on the internet), I have some experience working with individuals with Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD).  That being said, I am certainly not an expert in this disorder.  Every case is different, just like every person is different—symptoms and their severity vary, treatment options and coping skills are not universal, and the trauma history and other factors that contribute to development of this disorder are different for everyone.  I can only tell you, in a very general way, what I’ve learned through my work experience. 
	
A supervisor of mine once aptly described living with BPD this way:

“Imagine having no skin.  Every touch, every movement, everything, hurts.  People with [BPD] have no emotional skin.”

BPD can come with constant fear of abandonment or rejection, paranoia, emotional instability, and outwardly inappropriate emotional responses (among other things).  People who suffer from BPD often express suicidal ideation, attempt/complete suicide, and/or engage in self-harming behavior (which has no lethal intent).  Rates of completed suicide for individuals with BPD are between four and nine percent.  Unfortunately, many individuals with BPD will frequently express suicidal ideation or make suicidal gestures without actual intent to complete suicide for secondary gain of some kind (to prevent a perceived or threatened abandonment; to get admitted to a hospital where they will receive lots of care and attention from staff; to “show” someone how much they were hurt by their behavior; etc.).  This is dangerous for two reasons:  (1) it can result in genuine expression of suicidal ideation being minimized or ignored by mental health providers and (2) gestures can unintentionally result in actual lethal harm due to unforeseen circumstances.  

Having a loved one with BPD (or a personality disorder of any kind) can be extremely challenging.  Many mental health providers (outpatient therapists, etc.) refuse to work with this population because of the high demands on a provider’s time and attention, and the huge risks involved (high rates of completed suicide, etc.).  But when you love someone with a mental illness, you don’t really have the choice to just walk away (at least, not without causing extreme emotional pain to you and to them).  

I would recommend finding a support group in your local area for family members and friends of individuals with personality disorders.  You can do this by consulting your local NAMI (National Alliance on Mental Illness) chapter, or by contacting a local hospital.  You need to take care of your own needs first.  That may sound heartless, but there’s some metaphor about not being able to pour water from an empty jug (you can’t care for someone else if you have nothing left in you).

I would also recommend doing some reading on this condition.  A book I have heard is quite helpful (and co-authored by an individual with BPD, if I remember correctly) is called Stop Walking on Eggshells: Taking Your Life Back When Someone You Care About Has Borderline Personality Disorder.  There is also a separate workbook.  *DISCLAIMER* I have not actually read this book.  I’ve just heard good things, particularly from a friend whose mother had a diagnosis of BPD.  Other books I’ve heard good things about is I Hate You, Don’t Leave Me, and When Hope is Not Enough.

Now, there’s good news and bad news.

Good news:
BPD is treatable!  In fact, it’s highly treatable (some studies estimate as many as 70% of BPD sufferers are able to find relief from their symptoms).

Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT) has been found to be very effective for symptom management.  It focuses on grounding techniques, distress tolerance, and emotional regulation (among other things).

Furthermore, symptoms of BPD tend to naturally decline with age.

People with BPD are not monsters, or evil.  They can be incredibly loving, and creative, and kind, and fun, and intelligent.  There are so many good things, all of which I’m sure you recognize in your girlfriend and love about her.

Bad news:
She has to want to participate in treatment (like any other kind of mental health treatment).

This is not going to be easy, and if she is totally unwilling to examine her own behavior, or to make any effort to change, well…  it’s time to consider moving on.

No one wants to have BPD, and many times the alarming behavior exhibited by individuals with this condition is totally and completely out of their control.  However, it CAN BE in their control.  It’s a long and hard road.  There will be setbacks, and discomfort, and struggle.  I’m not sure if she has a trauma history (generally people with BPD do, but not always), or if that history has ever really been addressed, but it will need to be, and that can be seriously painful.  

One more thing:  Are you sure she has BPD?  Has she been officially diagnosed?  Is she in treatment?

*TL;DR:  BPD is treatable, if you’re willing to put in the time and effort and stick it out.  Practice some self care, learn what you can about the condition, and stay strong!*

Edit: Removed overshare.