My parents set aside $5,000 for each of us (2 daughters and 1 son) when we got married. We could use it for the ceremony, reception, rehearsal dinner, honeymoon, whatever. Always a penny-pincher, I was determined to keep the costs under $5,000. I'll tell you how we did it, but it did rely on the help of his parents, too. 

First, I found a very affordable venue. Our local botanic gardens had a stunning location for under $300, but it only allowed for 16 guests. We had a very small, intimate ceremony with only our closest friends and immediate family members, followed by a reception, which we invited extended family to. I ordered my dress off of JCrew for about $250, and it cost me *maybe* another $50 to have it tailored. We didn't need to get flowers for decoration since the entire venue was flowers. I paid a friend of a friend of my in-law's to play the violin at the ceremony. I think that was like $75, and she brought a cellist with her. A family friend offered to take pictures of the ceremony as a wedding gift, and we accepted but insisted he not take pictures at the reception so he could be a guest. We couldn't afford a dinner reception (starting at $50 a head, who can?), so I found a beautiful tea house and inquired about a tea party for a reception. We had it between meal times so people wouldn't come hungry (I think it was from 2pm-4pm). We were served tea sandwiches and cookies and hot tea and iced tea. There were about 50 people there, and I think it cost $1,200ish. There was also wedding cake. It was a little expensive, but we didn't go with fancy fondant or anything. I think it was still about $200. We bought loose-leaf tea from the tea house ahead of time for favors, and I found some heart-shaped tea infusers for a steal. I think I paid about $150 for favors. We paid for a tux rental for my husband, and we paid a car service to pick us up from the reception and take us to the airport for our honeymoon. We paid for the airfare for the honeymoon, and my father-in-law used his credit card points to get us a very nice & free hotel. Money also went to a few other things like wedding bands and invitations, but that was basically it. In the end, we used up the $5,000, but we didn't have to spend anything extra on top of that.