Wow, I'm in a very similar situation myself. About 8 months ago, I agreed to rent a place with my friend and his two kids (ages 7 and 8 now). We got a three bedroom, and we agreed that I'd get my own bedroom and the second bathroom would be mine, while he and his son would take the master bedroom, and his daughter (the 8 year old) would have her own room.

Things were fine at first. He had women come over every so often, but they never stayed the night. I had privacy, etc. About 4 months ago, he's started seeing this woman (who I personally think is very clingy and needy) and she not only has her own key, but pretty much lives at our apartment. She sleeps over at *least* 4 nights a week, and they lounge at the couch, cook in the kitchen, etc.. just like they're living together with the kids and I'm an afterthought. Many times I've heard her go into our apartment after picking up his kids and start cooking dinner, using our water, the fridge for the food she's bought, even moving in her slow cooker in the kitchen.

Yes, she showers there, uses electricity and watches cable, brings her laptop and uses our Internet access, and always leaves a pair of shoes behind (so, yes, for all intents and purposes, she damn near lives here). 

I find this ridiculous of course, more so because he's taken back the spare key from his best friend of 17 years (and someone I'm sort of seeing) because he came over to use our internet for a few hours when his was down, and ate MY sandwich. Of course I don't care if he eats my food, but to take away his key because of it? Yet his girlfriend can use all of our resources free. I was livid at this.

I don't feel like I can really talk to him about it. I'm technically just renting a room out (he pays 65% of the rent since it's him and his two kids, but we split the utilities 50/50). The lease will be up at the end of September, and this has been going on for so long I feel it's a moot point in bringing it up now. Kind of wish I spoke up sooner but it is what it is. 

You have a lot of great advice here OP, and I'm sorry you have to go through this awkward situation. :( 