Sorry, this is a long one. 

I was still living with my ex-boyfriend and working in retail. I was used to getting hit on at work because it happens almost every day even though I'm not typically atractive - I am fat with cellulite all over and even though I went 24 years invisible for some reason in my new neighborhood guys love me (mostly in creepy unwanted ways). But this one gorgeous guy started shopping at my store every day. He was smart, hilarious, quirky, and he had the most amazing afro. He was an artist and way cooler than me. He was exactly my dream guy. 

He was visiting my town to check out the skating so he was going to be in town for only a month. And while I thought he was the bee's knees I assumed even though he was only visiting my counter that he was just chatting me up like he did every other person in my store. I was very surprised when he asked me out and I didn't know what to expect. I was soooo awkward. I had been slowly cutting ties with my long-term ex boyfriend and was dealing with a lot of body image issues and emotional baggage because my ex was emotionally abusive and had long instilled in me the feeling that it was impossible to be sexually attracted to me because I am fat. So I was feeling like I was inferior and constantly cutting myself down in front of this new guy. 

We went out a couple of times and still I was convinced the guy was either playing me for a fool or I was completely mistaken and that he was only interested in a platonic friends thing. I was so insecure that when my boss told me that the guy was waiting outside for me (we had arranged to meet after I finished work) I didn't believe him because I didn't think a guy would wait for me. My ex had never done that. 

Eventually things progressed and the new guy asked me over to his apartment for dinner. I came over and he gave me a beer and said when i stand up straight i look regal and magnificent. We talked while he made dinner. I naively didn't understand why it was so romantically lit. He then said he was going to give me a massage and asked me to wash my feet and legs. He seriously gave me an hour-long foot and leg massage. And it was so good. I felt confused and conflicted and left after giving him a hug and accidentally smelling his neck (he smelled too good). 

He had to leave and before he did I awkwardly asked if he wanted to have sex. He said yes, while he had been there he wanted to the whole time. This short-circuited my brain and I began thinking about him maybe too often and talking to him maybe too often. I guess I said a thing that sounded weird and we fought and I was humiliated. We're still friends on Facebook and I still think about him and cringe (and think about what might have happened if I hadn't been in such a bad place emotionally). I was too inexperienced and emotionally fragile at the time to be with anyone successfully. But he helped me see myself from a different perspective and I'm grateful for that. 

Now I'm with the one who didn't get away and I couldn't be happier. He's the physical and social opposite of the other guy. We're deeply in love and i have been working on my self-confidence. And we're expecting our first baby in the fall. 