This is a little bit of a vent for me too. As an aside, I'm a guy.

The person I love most in this life and I just went through this a few months ago, and the scars are still here. I think they always will be. Maybe that need to be. Without going into too much detail, the baby died, and we had to finish out the abortion. But a lot happened in between finding out and then. Some of the same conflict that you had with your partner. I had never wanted to children, but I had actually considered it with her.

I'd been considering it for a month when we found out she was pregnant. I tried to be happy, but I couldn't. It is selfish, but I had just finally, *finally* started to live the life I wanted to have, and I still had a long ways to go before I felt like I could legitimately raise a child. But I tried to be happy with her. And I had no idea what to do, how to support her, anything. There's a lot more, a whole lot more background, on the nature of our relationship and so on, but ultimately it doesn't have a lot to do with the point of this. Suffice it to say, the baby died.

She tried to have a natural miscarriage, but after a couple of weeks, she decided to go for the chemical inducement. Our relationship had broken down for several reasons throughout this. But throughout it, I did everything I could to be there. Even when she cut me off, stopped talking to me, I told her to please call me when she took the pill. None of that really matters either, I suppose. This is just a really, really hard thing to talk about.

The crux...The crux of it is how cruel this world is in a certain sense. There is no room for weakness in our society, no room to slow down, no room to have children, no room to be pregnant. There are some resources, sure, but not nearly enough. It's hard enough - nearly impossible - to support yourself alone. But to do it right.

You're not a monster, tinytigress. I don't think your boyfriend is either. Just...Flawed human beings, in a monstrous world. Give yourself some grace, some love. Take care of yourself. Forgive yourself. I won't lie, it will probably leave scars.

Use them, to be who you want to be. I know it sounds hard now, cold even, but ultimately we have to press on. I cried every night and day for almost a month throughout all this. I fell apart. And even now, it hurts in a way that nothing else in my life has. But you have to press on, because our lives are portraits. And it can't always be a white canvas. To see the picture means you have to have color; it means you have to have shadow. And dark lines. 

But the fact that you have this awareness, that you have this complexity of guilt and pain and love and hate and emotion, your family and loved ones, tells me yours is a beautiful painting. Pick up the brush again, and keep going.