I had to think about what you said for awhile. Then I had to get super nerdy. You seem nerdy enough though, so hopefully you will enjoy this. 

Here are some important factors that play a role in hair aversion today that do not have to do with pedomorphic traits, followed by a potential reason why hair may contribute to healthy body and healthy offspring. 

This is a quote from Sex at Dawn:

"While many women are freed by their erotic flexibility, men can find themselves trapped by the rigidity of their sexual response[...]. Once determined, male eroticism tends to retain its contours through life, like concrete that has been set. Consequently, the theory of erotic plasticity predicts that paraphilias should be far more prevalent in men than in women who would presumably be more responsive to social pressures and find it easier to abandon previous turn ons. [...] Once beyond the age of malleability [puberty], males seem to be stuck with whatever imprint they've received, latex or leather, S & M, goat or lamb"

This suggests that whatever males were first exposed to is what they will always want. Given the porn industry, we have a major driving force changing what men are attracted to.

From Wikipedia:

"Chaetophobia (from the Greek χαίτη - khaitē, "loose, flowing hair"[1] and φόβος - phobos, "fear"[2]) is fear of hair.[3] Sufferers fear may be associated with human hair and / or animal hair. They fear people / animals with an excess amount of hair. They may also fear the hair on their own body. Some only fear detached or loose hair and do not mind attached hair." and

"As with most phobias this fear could be the result of a negative experience with hair and / or a hairy person. The anxiety starts when the person remembers an experience whenever they are near a person with an excess amount of hair. Hair loss can be a trigger to this phobia, such as men going bald." 

Given that a culture has arisen in which people speak negatively about body hair, and extremely negativelya bout pubic hair (your example of 'disgusting' is perfect), it seems likey that Chaetophobia would be highely on the rise. This is the part of the culture I am interested in trying to change - the hate talk about hair that creates anxiety, fear, and disgust.

And to further the discussion, my favorite topic this year, the microbiome. I have included some quotes on interest below, but did not find one that sums it all up, so I will. Basically, microbes that live on our bodies appear to be critical for our immune response. Hairy areas have many more of them. So our hair may play a much larger role in keeping us healthy than previously thought.

"The cutaneous innate and adaptive immune responses can modulate the skin microbiota, but the microbiota also functions in educating the immune system. "

"Microbial diversity varies across the niches comprising on average 1.8 m2 of adult human skin. For example, hairy, moist underarms lie a short distance from smooth dry forearms, but these two niches are ecologically distinct as are their resident microbial communities (Grice et al., 2009)."

"In normal pregnancy, the resident vaginal microbial flora is thought to provide protection against infection by a number of different mechanisms.1 In non-pregnant women, the presence of bacterial vaginosis (BV) is associated with an increased risk of upper genital tract and sexually transmitted infections2-4 and acquisition of HIV.5-9 In pregnancy, BV increases the risk of post-abortal sepsis,10 early miscarriage11 recurrent abortion,12 late miscarriage,12;13 preterm prelabor rupture of membranes (PPROM),14 spontaneous preterm labor (SPTL) and preterm birth (PTB),13;15-26 histological chorioamnionitis27;28 and postpartum endometritis."

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3055920/