That's like saying a guy who believes he was told by God to punish the wicked was taught his self-entitlement by the church, and anyone that dismisses the destructiveness of the church is damaging society as a whole.  He was on those websites looking for a way out of his self-inflicted loneliness, probably because he had no trustworthy guidance anywhere else.  He was looking for answers to why he was experiencing isolation for most of his life, which I gather from skimming through his manifesto.  He didn't dig deep enough or in the right places, and eventually joined a website called puahate that while anti-pick up apparently attracts a lot of misogynistic posters.  

Consider for a moment that his misogyny was not a result of word of mouth or the websites he visited, but of his own isolation and rejection from society.  What I mean is, without integration either with your peers or some sort of teacher or guide, you are on your own to figure things out.  This kid, in my opinion, shows signs of self-entitlement from his wealthy upbringing, and possibly parents who didn't take an disciplined role in helping to shape the adult this young man was becoming (not to mention his clear signs of being insane).  He lacked wisdom, leadership, integrity, self-respect, and seemingly any form of coping mechanism.

For a lot of men, it's really hard to see the truth.  When you really get down to it and observe what the majority of women under 30 are attracted to, versus what many young men have been told their entire life (ie to be themselves, to be gentlemen, to be knights in shining armor, to be kind chivalrous and compassionate, etc), the shocking realization of how far removed you are and why is hard to take.  This "mi'lady" fedora tipping neckbeard shit...where do you think it comes from?  These guys are not making it up themselves, but something is attracting them to this behavior.  It's not any form of misogyny that teaches it in my opinion, it's the media and peers that instead of portraying what people are really attracted to, they portray what they think people should be attracted to.  Men and women alike are guilty of this.  Many young men are taught from a very young age to "do the right thing", and they grow up believing that is how you successfully socialize with others, so it's a very hard battle to "do the right thing" when it comes to women because you don't deserve attraction simply for being a good person obviously, and when they find this out they are very conflicted.  A person that goes through this often does not have a strong role model to give them experienced advice on how to interact and socialize with others, and instead gives them inexperienced ideas of how they *should* interact with others, and who they *should* be and surround themselves with.  Many young men will spend years, sometimes decades, of their life suffering through this illusory dilemma of "how can I meet a good woman while still doing the right thing?  Everyone I see is having fun, and I've been alone for 30 years.  I've missed some of the best things in life because I have been doing the right thing, and people who seem borderline evil seem to receive a lot of love."

While of course sex should not be the defining point of ones happiness, look again to media.  A young man without a strong male influence will grow up watching disney movies and tv shows that portray the most watered down versions of love and relationships.  Everyone lives happily ever after, and never does anyone really do any work to deserve how attractive they are.  Love seems like something that just happens in the world, like you are a puzzle piece and you're just waiting for another puzzle piece to float along and fit perfectly with you.  Unfortunately that is not the case though, and most people are much more casual and superficial about who they are attracted to.  While many people sure want a guy, or girl for that matter, who is a good person guys typically want someone who is pretty, and women typically want someone who is wealthy, strong, charismatic, interesting, and successful.  Furthermore, in our society expressing emotion is considered a weakness in men.  Many argue it's the patriarchy that causes it, but never in my life have I been belittled or treated like I was weak by a man.  Women on the other hand used me constantly, having me hold their books for them then treating me like dirt but promising maybe they'd go out with me kind of thing.  Of course I was naive, but like the kid in question I didn't know any better and the only advice I had was from disney movies that pretty much told me to, "be nice, be yourself, wish upon a star and everything your heart desires will come to you."  Emotion is often viewed as a weakness in men, they don't often express their emotions to one another, and they don't often express their emotions to women because they want to be seen as attractive.  One of the only socially acceptable ways to express your emotions as a man is through sex, so while it shouldn't be a defining point of ones happiness, you can't deny that a lack of sex and intimacy can cause depression and feelings of doubt in ones own self-worth.  Wars have been started over something as simple as a woman.  As I got older I asked men why I had trouble with women, they told me to be man up, have self-respect, and show some confidence but I didn't really believe them because who better to ask about how to attract women than women?  Right?  I asked countless women for advice, and mostly I got, "You're fine, just be yourself but I'll never go on a date with you, sorry you're really nice but not my type" but I also got a lot of, "Women like experienced guys.  Virgins are not attractive, I want a guy that knows what he wants and what he is doing already, I don't want to have to show him anything.  Why do you think so many women swoon over married guys and guys with girlfriends, because it shows they are good enough.  Expressing you're an inexperienced virgin shows you are not good enough."  Mostly though, I just heard what women thought they *should* be attracted to because they didn't want to look bad.  It's like a guy trying to say he's not attracted to those "pretty" women, he likes women who are nice and who be themselves.  I was like this kid, self-entitled.  I was once that guy saying, "why do girls like jerks, and not a nice guy like me?"  It took me a long long time to figure out what women were attracted to, why, and be able to work hard on myself to achieve my goals.  I had this mindset that a woman should be attracted to me even if I was homeless and never worked out, because that does not define who I am on the inside....but I realized who you are on the outside matters too.  I started working out, I started taking responsibility for my insecurities.  If I was insecure about anything, absolutely anything even if it seemed mundane or superficial, I worked to improve myself so that insecurity would disappear. 

**TL;DR**: Don't underestimate mental-illness.  Misogyny is real, and destructive, but so is misandry and so are disney movies and mcdonalds.  This guy may have said a lot of misogynistic shit, but it's not a reason to increase the negative stigma surrounding mental illness (which includes misogynistic rants) when there is already a huge lack of guidance and support for young men in our society.  He also talked a lot about his asian roommates, is this also an example of racism towards asian americans?  This may have been an example of misogyny, but he wasn't a product of it.