As others have said, being viewed as a sexual object is an unpleasant reality for girls growing up in our present-day society. She has nothing to be ashamed of. The men and boys who are making her uncomfortable by staring at her are the ones who should feel ashamed of themselves. However, I know that I, personally, felt(feel) somewhat violated by the attention anyway. This was partially because girls are frequently 'warned' that boys "have dirty minds," "are only after one thing," etc. We're told that we should expect to be characters in exceedingly life-like sexual fantasies, essentially that the straight males around us will strip us down and make us the stars of pornographic movies without our knowledge or consent. What has helped me deal with the feelings of discomfort and violation this induces is remembering that the stuff which goes on in other people's minds is a far cry from reality. Sexual fantasies are as different from real pornographic movies (that actors hopefully *consent* to be in) as daydreams are from regular movies.

Similarly, I will remind you for the future to try to tone down your own impulse to check out younger women when you're around your niece. My Dad and I both liked to watch *Smallville* when I was 15-16. Unfortunately, he tended to ogle [Kristin Kreuk](http://look-like-an-angel.blogspot.com/2013/12/kristin-kreuk-smallville-promo-2001.html) whenever she appeared on screen. I was about the same age as she was, and witnessing my own father figure lust after a person so similar to myself made me very uncomfortable.


EDIT: I realized you specified aggressive, long-term staring from men and boys. I'm leaving what I wrote anyway because other commenters have addressed the issue of being on the receiving end of intrusive, inappropriate stares.

EDIT 2: *I cannot tell if I'm being down-voted by trolls or by people whose opinions actually matter. If it's the latter, could someone please share with me what aspect of my comment you find objectionable?*

EDIT 3: I was understandably down-voted for an earlier version of this comment. For reference, here's what the 1st paragraph had said:
> Try to teach her that sexual fantasies are not so different from other types of harmless fantasies or daydreams. Most likely, there are a lot of people in her life who think it's their duty to warn her that boys "have dirty minds," "are only after one thing," etc. These people are also telling her that any time she steps outside, men and boys will (mentally) strip her down and make her the star of their pornos without her consent. If she can be reminded that sexual fantasies are as different from real pornographic movies as daydreams are from regular movies, then I imagine she will feel a whole lot more comfortable (and less violated) when she notices boys looking at her.