This is a very good and insightful question.  I think you have hit the issue right on the nose: people can say they want to help (and mean it) but can do so without understanding what it is to they are committing to do.  However, I am actually not all that sure that talking to him about it (beyond a certain point) is really the answer.  I actually recommend a more practical and less theoretical approach:

(1) Let your husband do things as much his way as possible.  Hey may not know his way around the house and tasks as well as you do (or think you do), but he'll learn the same as you did.  Don't think of your husband as an employee of the domestic sphere where you are the boss.  One of the rules I have noticed about being both an employer and a romantic partner is that things can get done your way by you or done someone else's way by someone else, but you cannot expect things to be done your way by someone else.  Let him learn his own ways of doing things.  

This is not always easy, I actually have to leave the kitchen when my partner loads the dishwasher because I feel like he doesn't do it the special Tetris-like way I perfer.  But he's doing it, and learning his own way to do it better.  Yeah, when he makes dinner he always makes salmon in foil in the oven, but even he is getting tired of that and he is looking into how to make other things or at least get something else on the dinner table -- e.g. he just discovered pre-made food at the supermarket.  And yes, I like all my food home cooked from scratch, and don't love eating take out so much, but you know what?  I don't have to deal with dinner, and that's worth it.

Things aren't getting done exactly on your schedule?  Let it go.  

(2) You don't need to split the labor of every individual task evenly, sometimes it's good to specialize, just make sure it shakes out in the end as even.  Maybe only you do the laundry and only he takes care of paying the bills, I think that's fine.  If you guys both feel like those tasks take the same time and effort, call it even.

(3) It's OK to remind people to do things, as long as you're nice about it.  Reminding is not nagging.  Both of us in our partnership are sort of absent-minded professor types and easily get sucked into doing a bit more work or reading newspaper article online on the way to doing some onerous housework.  It's actually nice to have someone wake you up to remind you, and definitely preferable to having them seethe about it.  And don't get stuck in the trap of it being the "principle" that he should remember. Don't make these things a test of his love and devotion to you. The ultimate goal is a domestic sphere that functions well, not a political victory for feminism. Keep your eye on the prize.

(4) You can also just cut the Gordian Knot and get some part-time help.  My partner and I can make it day to day with the shopping, cooking, washing the dishes, etc.  However, if we had to clean our own toilets or mop the kitchen floor on a regular basis, our partnership would be war. We both hate doing these things and put them off, not to mention the fact that we can't do these things -- or really anything like them -- as well as a professional can.  We save our money and spend the equivalent of about $30 a week (just having coffee at home rather than Starbucks pays for this) on domestic help to come every 2-4 weeks and really clean the house top to bottom.  This also helps with the inevitable domestic stress of having any sort of guest, because I will always feel more tense about how the house looks if people are coming over.  We just make sure to schedule the big clean-ups before the guests come.

As an additional piece of advice, I would look at the way your fiancé's parents do/did things, as this is likely his default template.  Things his mother did are likely the things that will be invisible to him and may need some more reminding.

EDIT: I would just like to add that I didn't figure this all out by myself, I am actually the child of a marriage between two people with very demanding careers and I was able to see how it was done.  My parents did have an additional, but possibly extreme, innovation that might be worth noting.  In the event that you can never agree with your partner on what it means to have the place be properly clean, you each get your own room to keep however you want and the other person can't say anything about it.  My dad's study looks like Don Coleone's from *The Godfather,* while my mother's looks like a home after a tornado. The rest of the house is maintained to the point reached by consensus and isn't perfect for either of them.  We had to put the dining room table in a hallway and give-up on any sort of extra room for guests or a den or anything like that, but I think it was worth it.  My partner and I are more aligned in how we think about maintaining the house, but as we get more into work and more set in our ways in middle-age I fully expect we may enact this system.  It's also great for keeping that sense of self and privacy that can be a bit lacking in even the best marriage.

EDIT2:  Thanks very much for the gold!

EDIT3: I just got a notice that someone posted this on r/ShitRedditSays, eep.  Now I am bit scared and I might have to delete this. But I appreciate all the good feedback so far!