Hi! I also got pregnant at 19. My boyfriend, who I had only been with for a short time, wanted me to get an abortion but I made it clear that I did not feel like it was the right decision for me. 

I just wanted to share with you some of the things people in the thread may not talk about: The ridiculous shame of being a teenager while pregnant (even though you are already 19 and already going into college and will probably be 20 when you are actually a mom, like I was) and the equally ridiculous shame of being unwed while pregnant and then a single mother. Logically you know that it doesn't really mean anything about your character or how you live your life, but I can say that I still felt judging eyes on me daily. It absolutely was rough and I wasn't able to enjoy my pregnancy the way I felt, and still feel, everyone deserves. 

I went to school full time and worked as a cashier 20-40 hours a week during my pregnancy. I even took summer classes and only quit my job when I was 7 months pregnant and couldn't stand for 8 hours a day anymore. Actually in one of my classes I was the only female out of 24 students on top of being pregnant, haha. Heartburn, morning sickness, and weight-gain aside I had a very easy pregnancy as well as a complication-free birth. I read many pregnancy books and was pretty prepared for the different stages, so when my water broke but my contractions were still far apart I took the time to shower and relax before having my mother drive me to the hospital. I was out of school for only a week when I gave birth and had to carry a [donut pillow](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/415AEjEUIaL._SX425_.jpg) to sit on in class. 

My boyfriend and I did wind up staying together throughout the pregnancy, but he lived three hours away so we only spent the weekends together. We spent the pregnancy planning on giving our child up for adoption. I had to go to many of the meetings with the organization alone because they did not have weekend hours (same with the doctor appointments, I usually went alone). So I spent most of the pregnancy thinking the baby would be given to a family I had picked out. A few days after my daughter was born I had a meeting with the adoption organization and found that the family was no longer interested having contact with me after the papers were signed. I canceled the adoption and kept my baby. 

My parents and other relatives helped a great deal and I stayed in school full time. My boyfriend remained three hours away, but we stayed together for several years until it was clear we were not right for each other. Now at 27 I have an AAS in Game Design, a BS in Computer Science, a decent job with decent pay, a great (new) boyfriend, and an intelligent, well-behaved, loving 6-year-old daughter. I can say from my perspective now that the emotional roller-coaster of the pregnancy and the year or so afterwards was well worth it. If I had to do it all again I think I would have expected less from my child's father, *not* planned on adoption, and had a much better outlook on the pregnancy in general. I would have gone to more personable doctors and invited my mother and/or friends to the ultrasounds. I would have spent time picking out furniture and baby clothes and actually looking forward to being a mom, since now I enjoy being one very much. I look forward to the day when I have a child that I planned for and can do all of these things the *right way*. 

As a disclaimer: I do come from a place of privilege - I am white and able-bodied with very supportive parents and friends. I live in a very diverse region with many different religions, cultures, and lifestyles. We were not wealthy, but were middle class so the financial strain of having both myself and my sister in college while having an infant was a struggle, but not impossible. If any of these things had been different I know it would have affected the outcome of my decisions.