Up until last week, I had never been cat called (that I was aware of, at least). I've heard stories from friends about how awful it feels, and I was very grateful to never have personally experienced it. Then, last week, I was yelled at TWICE (in two different towns) by men in cars as I walked past.

The first was just a pretty standard "Hey baby" and some leers. I was very put off, but it didn't really mess up my day or anything. The second really got to me, though. I was walking alone at night in not-the-safest college neighborhood, and a taxi drove past. A man stuck his head out of the window and screamed at me "Hey sweetheart, nice legs. What time do they open?" The taxi never slowed down. 

It just took me so off-guard. I didn't really know how to react. I just felt violated, scared, and hurt. I was so angry that another human being would feel entitled to look at me and decide that my feelings of personal safety and autonomy are worthless. To think that his "fun" or "jokes" or whatever he would consider that comment to be, are more important than my right to not feel objectified, humiliated, and afraid. 

I didn't say anything the first time it happened. I did scream "Fuck you" after the taxi, but it had already driven away and I doubt they heard me.  I hear all the time about the shitty way women are treated on the street, and I've always found it deplorable and deeply upsetting, but this was my first personal experience, and I can't stop thinking about how awful it made me feel.

What do you all do in these situations? Is there anything I *can* do? I felt like marching over and screaming at these men, but I know that could put me in a dangerous position, and I know it wouldn't really change their minds or get them to reconsider the mysognistic roots of this behavior. But I don't just want to stand there and take it. It seems like there's no solution.

I've been told in the past to just ignore them. But to me, that doesn't feel like "being the bigger person." It just feels like acceptance of their abuse.