I started depo last May. Everything actually went really well for a while and I had zero issues. After 6 months, I was due for my 3rd shot and after doing some reading online of horror stories people have with it, I decided to just come of depo and not risk anything. Well, that's when my horror story started. From the end of November, when I was due for my 3rd shot, to the end of January I went from looking like [this](http://imgur.com/fbcwb1X,pjjKwV9) to [this](http://imgur.com/fbcwb1X,pjjKwV9#1). I went from about 130-135 to 155-160 in 2 months, with absolutely zero changes to my eating habits. Well, I freaked out thinking my body needed the shot for regulating hormones or something (I don't know, I was just freaking out) and I got a third shot at the end of January. When I got the third shot, I also started working out heavily and tracking every calorie in MFP, staying between 1400-1600 calories. I completed the Jamie Eason "Live Fit" 12 week program last week and have had maybe 2 cheat days this entire time I've been trying to lose the extra weight. 

After 3 months of HARD work (harder than I've ever worked before) I lost exactly 0 pounds and 0 inches. It's so frustrating when before, I could work out for a month and see great results, and when I actually NEED to lose weight, and work very hard at it, I've had zero results. It's thrown me into a severe depression. I didn't have the greatest body image or self esteem before (it's always been an issue) and now that I'm packing an extra 25-30 pounds I rarely even leave the house. 

I don't know what to do. This third shot wore off at the end of April, now I'm terrified that I'm going to gain more weight coming off it again. But I want it out of my system, I want my body back. Does *anyone* have any experience and outcome stories with depo? I've read a lot online, but mostly it's a lot of people looking for answers about why they can't lose weight rather than having experience. Any help would be appreciated. I cry ALL the time, I do NOT go out anymore because I'm ashamed of my body (and the new warm weather is making my depression worse) and I know it's damaging my relationship. I just don't know what to do. 