So I'll admit, I have been a lurker on Reddit for awhile. I was looking for advice for my recent surgical abortion, and I can't say enough how grateful I am to have this wonderful community in supporting me through this unsure moment in my life. I wanted to give back by giving my own recent experience.

I first found out with my SO about the pregnancy within maybe 2 weeks of conception. I felt sick to my stomach and my boobs hurt like hell. I had all the signs, so i took a pregnancy test. Obviously, it was positive. We finally came to a decision to go through with the procedure do to financial issues and recent events in our lives.

The harder part was the wait I think. In the process of making the appointment and getting an ultrasound, made it feel like forever. I had to wait 2 weeks before I had a set appointment for the procedure. I will say nothing makes the process harder than making you wait all the while your hormones are having a crazy party.

By the time I was scheduled for the procedure, I was 7 weeks. I walked into the clinic and sat down. There was some random plane crash movie on, so I sat there and read some game of thrones all the while secretly freaking out. I think my SO knew, so he just tried to make me laugh about the shitty movie.

We ended up waiting 3 hours until they finally brought me into an office, gave me antibiotics, I paid for the procedure, and gave me sedatives. After that, I went back into the waiting room and waited another hour. When I was finally called into the doctors office, I was sat on a table ( like at any gyno exam) and given an IV. I think after they put the IV in, it became a bit fuzzy. I do remember a little sharp pain at first (5-6 level), but by the time I finished processing that pain, the procedure was done. I think the entire procedure was maybe 5 minutes. 

Afterwards, I was instructed to put my clothes back on ( they had put a pad in my underwear for me before hand). They helped me walk into a waiting room with a recliner and heating pad. I stayed there for 30 minutes and had minimal bleeding, so they let me go home.

Afterwards, it wasn't as bad as I thought. I went home and watched some anime, had some pizza, and slept for 12+ hours. I will say though (as they will tell you), in the recovery process the worst happens after day 3. 

I had minimal bleeding for 3 days and wasn't having any problems until i started feeling bloated and having crazy cramps. The pain level was at a 5 or 6. I was prescribed vicodin, so I took the recommended amounts, which seemed to do fine. Then on day 5 (night of day 4), I had extreme cramps at levels 9 or 10. I decided to take an extra half of vicodin, and eventually the pain went away. The next morning, I called the clinic and they said it was normal and almost immediately after, I passed a few medium sized clots and the bloating seemed to disappear.

For the next couple of days I had light spotting, and I am now 1 week and a few days past the procedure and back to feeling great. I have no spotting and able to do light workouts again. 

Nothing can take away the emotional experience, because even now I do question the "what ifs",  but what I do know is that I made the right decision for me, right now. 

I wasn't able to tell anyone or talk about it, so I understand how hard it is when you feel alone. I hope that maybe this can comfort someone and help them through their decision. I just want them to know that people do care and understand what they are going through. 


