So I have been in a committed relationship for almost 4 years and things have been pretty good... including the sex, which happened regularly and was fun and good until maybe like a year ago. At this point, I had a horrible job that destroyed my self-confidence and kicked off a major struggle with anxiety/depression. The meds that were helping destroyed my sex drive, which was frustrating for both of us. I felt better but I didn't care about sex and that didn't feel right. Going through the motions didn't feel right (or comfortable -the meds don't just affect how you think about sex, it affected how my body prepared - or didn't - for sex). I went off meds and have been doing well with the support of a therapist. 
But the sex stuff didn't fix itself. Now I'm not sure what's going on. My bf has been mostly patient, though occasionally goes through periods of making petty comments about this - that I don't want to touch him, he's not attractive, etc. These things are not true, we're close otherwise - I enjoy being affectionate with him, the next part just doesn't kick in.
I'm thinking maybe just getting out of the habit has made me anxious about this - or made it seem unnatural. I do think about initiating again (since he's sort of given up) but that feels really forced and overthinking it makes me awkward and less likely to engage. Recently, when I've tried to start something - he's so confused/startled that he doesn't really respond and since I'm already being a weirdo/awkward, I back down really easily.
We were just at a wedding and stayed at a B&B... and it seemed like a really good opportunity. I was in our room undressed and thinking how to proceed when he made a comment about this and how he wasn't allowed to touch me (I don't remember exactly) - and it was snarky enough to throw me off again.
So it's been months with very little activity, and this is putting a strain on our relationship, obviously. I feel awkward about it, don't really know how to explain it - except that I have literally not been interested/excited by anything, so my general comment has been in the realm of "it's not you, it's me" but that has never helped anyone.

Some other factors - we have different enough schedules that we don't ever go to bed/get up at the same time, so I feel like this makes it hard for anything to organically happen with us. We share a bed part of the night but we're not really aware of each other at this time.  

Any thoughts? Anyone go through this kind of thing? Ideas about kickstarting this?