so I was standing at the buss stop the other day and a little boy with his mother was standing next to me.  A girl walked past with curly, bright blue hair.  


THe kid: "mommy, why is her hair blue?"

Mom: "because it is."

kid: "But WHY? it looks bad"

Mom: "well she likes it, so she dyed it blue"

kid:  "but it looks funny!!!"

mom (getting annoyed):  "so what if it looks funny? She likes it and it's her hair.  She can do whatever she wants to it.  Stop worrying about it.  It doesn't affect your life and it isn't hurting anyone"

Kid: "why is that person fat?"

mom: "because he is.  Now stop worrying about that stuff and enjoy the nice sunny spring day.  Doesn't the sun feel nice on your skin mason?"

Kid "cool!" (reaches out to touch a the sweater of another man who was waiting for the bus)

mom: "NO! You can't just touch people without asking them, mason!  Remember like in daycare?  Everyone has a bubble...."


Kid: smiles mischievously, laughs, mom gives him a stern look and he mumbles "i know i know but it was soft and fluffy looking...."



Then the bus came and everyone got on.  I sat down and overheard two college girls discussing someone in one of their classes: "omg did you see her hair the other day?! you can totally tell that she has extensions.  She's kind of a skank I hear...."


Then I realized that people seem to think that other people's bodies, particularity women's bodies, are public property, and that we have a right to have an opinion on them, to judge someone's character based on their body, and even to touch their body.  How many times have you over heard people criticizing celebs for getting plastic surgery?  


And then we wonder why people don't seem to  know what consent really means when it comes to sex?


I'm glad their teaching the bubble thing in day cares.  Of course they also teach about teamwork at daycare when I was a kid and that didnt seem to help us - everyone at my office always seems to compete with each other instead of working together to get shit done. :/


I think that what people don't understand, is that PEOPLE DO NOT OWE YOU EXPLANATIONS FOR THEIR ACTIONS/EXISTENCE/PREFERENCES/ETC, UNLESS IT DIRECTLY AFFECTS YOUR LIFE.  I get asked all the time why I dont want any children in my life - badgered about it, as if I owe someone an explanation for a personal decision that doenst even affect their life!!

TLDR: People think that other people's bodies are public property, and that they are ENTITLED to an explanation for other people actions/decisions/ beliefs, even when none of that affects their life personally.  People are individualists in all the wrong ways - ie team work is for 'suckers', taxes are for 'socialists' but they still think that other peoples bodies or thoughts are communal and up for discussion.  