Clearly from the amount of down votes this subreddit has seen in the last few hours, there are a lot more men on reddit than women. Or people who disagree with these views of women anyway. Most comments in default subreddits also appear to be from men. Could it be that the default subreddits are catered more towards men's interests? Or because women are more hesitant to make themselves known or express their views? Or is it that women don't see such forums like reddit as attractive and would prefer to browse websites that cater towards their specific interests? 

I can see why the mods and admins would make this sub a default. Maybe they're trying to make the readership of reddit equal in terms of gender and increase visiter numbers. Maybe they just wanted to stir up some controversy. However, I do think they could have picked a better subreddit to represent women or even create a new one. I used to lurk on this subreddit to see what the women of reddit were up to, to read articles where women were having their rights abused (i.e. Feminist articles) and read a comment section that was interesting and, where there were disagreements, people were respectful of others opinions and not aggressive and rude in their rebuttals. Also the illogical 'lock to open many keys' and 'what about the men's experience in this situation' and 'victim blaming' arguments were absent. Also it was great to read about periods and feminine hygiene, knowing you wouldn't be ridiculed. 

Many women would post personal problems on here, some that were related to their gender, others not relating to their gender at all. Most responses tried to be helpful and were sensitive to the poster's feelings. I personally would not post such a problem on this subreddit anymore. The readership went from 8000 to 170,000. The chances of someone identifying me and insulting me have now increased enormously. Anonymity of opinion was one of great pulls of this subreddit.  

The new default status of this subreddit brings up some interesting issues about the gender divide of reddit, so maybe it is positive in that regard. Thoughts anyone? 