First off, let me warn you: The following will probably sound like very immature problems, but right now, at 18, these are the worst things happening to me.

I recently got out of the mental unit in a hospital for suicide thoughts and attempt. Why did I want to kill myself? Because I've been severely depressed for years, have extremely low self-esteem, have wild mood swings and depended 200% on this guy for my happiness. Then I found out he was going to sleep with another girl, a few days after sleeping with me. Four years of knowing him, of loving him, and of thinking he genuinely cared for me, and this happened. I was, or am, in love with a jerk and I just CAN'T get over him.

This past week was my first week back from the hospital. He hasn't spoken a single word to me. He knows I was at a hospital, he knows the severity of the effect of what he did had on me. I go home every day thinking he will text me, like he always did every day, and I'm finding myself to miss him more and more each passing moment.

And a few minutes ago... well I just found out he asked a girl to prom. My ex-best friend, a girl I've thought has always been 100 times more beautiful than I ever will be. And it's like... two weeks ago he was treating me like I was the only girl he ever wanted, while he was planning something with another girl, and now, he's probably going to start talking to yet another girl. I've completely been erased from his life, in a matter of a week. And it fucking HURTS.

I feel like any progress I've made, I've lost. I'm right back to square one, where I'm feeling like an ugly piece of shit, undeserving of anyone, who's mental illness is what probably exhausted him and led him to go to another girl. I wish I could be normal and just say "forget him." But I can't. Every day I see him and I miss his voice, his touch, his scent. I miss him supporting me and telling me everything will be okay. I miss him.

I'm supposed to be getting better. I'm supposed to focus on myself and treating my depression. These meds are supposed to be working. But I'm losing it again, and I don't want to end up at the hospital.

I'm sorry if this was the wrong subreddit to post on. But I admire all of you and see you all as such powerful, confident women. Women I wish to be like one day. I'm 18, I hardly know anything, but everything I've known so far has destroyed me. I'm angry at him and myself for letting such a young mind be violated with suicidal thoughts and thoughts of worthlessness. I just really need you guys.