A little over a year ago things with my former live-in boyfriend started to go really bad. We had been living together for nearly a year before there were any signs.

He stopped paying rent and started drinking. At first he would just yell and break things like dishes; at one point he smashed my brand new iPad in a drunken rage. 

Eventually he started doing cocaine. I tried to kick him out a few times but he would come back after a few days or a week very intoxicated and angry. I called the police on occasion, at one point they arrested him and kept him overnight but it didn't keep him away for very long.

The culmination of this violence came when I didn't see him for over a week. He would disappear for up to two weeks at a time so he could drink and do drugs 24/7 without my nagging (and most likely meet other women). I started to think that maybe he was gone for good when he returned at around 4 AM while I was asleep, drunker than I'd ever seen him and smelling worse than I could ever describe. He hadn't showered the whole time he was gone, and he smelled like puke and body odor - like garbage juice.

I was raped violently that night and he tried again on my 21st birthday, but this time my best friend was staying the night. She overheard us and burst in the room and tried to pry him off of me. He injured her very badly, and she went to the hospital. They took pictures and when I saw her a few days later I couldn't believe how bad she looked. She had bruises on her face, her legs, her arms, her side. It was so apparent that she told me her professors reported it when she went into class the next day.

I never intended to report any of this. I grew up in a very violent household and I've called the police many times without much done. I didn't see any point.

My friend thought otherwise. She continued to call the DA nearly every week for the past year to try and get the ball rolling. She never got so much as a single call back no matter how many dozens of voicemail she left. I kept telling her she was wasting her time until she finally got a call. Apparently they had closed her case because the cop who it was assigned to was just plain lazy. The assigned a different cop and she came up to visit me so we could sit down with the officers.

Luckily for us, the new officer is awesome. It wasn't easy to talk about but he was very warm and gentle and just an overall nice guy. He personally apologized for the cop who hadn't taken us seriously. He told my friend "we're not all like that, me and my partner are going to take care of you." So far he's been following up on everything and has been wonderful to work with.

I'm not sure why I felt like posting this but I kind of wanted to get it off my chest and also because I hear so much about how reporting rape gets you nowhere, or even worse - the victims receive consequences. If you're thinking about stepping forward, it's up to you but these things shouldn't be forgotten or ignored and people like this shouldn't go unpunished.

TL; DR not all cops are bad, don't be afraid or ashamed to talk about what has happened to you. 