I wrote this PM to http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/268c9y/update_my_attacker_will_be_at_my_friends_wedding/ and wanted to share with the rest of you.  It is slightly edited from it's original form below.


.


First let me say something strange. I love you for sharing about your rape in a way many don't understand, and not in a creepy or weird way. But in the same way I know some people loved me for sharing my rape. So let me share mine with you. I am a 6'5 masculine man. But when I was 5 I was kidnapped by a 17 year old boy, brought to an old garage, and raped.  He was caught and went into the legal system, but I never even got to know his name (as he plead guilty as a minor).  I had nightmares until I was 12.  Really awful nightmares. I also had a distorted sexuality, and was attracted to 5 year old girls until I was 11 or so, but thankfully never acted on it. I used to speak in college about 1 in 6 men and 1 in 4 women being raped or molested by the age of 18. That's over 20% of all children. And if you look in the room (saying this in college) you can count how many men and women there are, and on average how many of us have been raped as children.


I have never had someone look down on me for that. Not once in all the times I've spoken about it. I can't promise no one will look down on you, but the people you truly want in your life will love you more for sharing this. Just as people who have read what you said online love you more for it and support you unconditionally. You are a wonderful person, and when you ask us for help or advice it give us worth. It is no burden for me to help, and you know that because when someone asks you for help you love them more for it not less. Them trusting you is the hard part, you giving them a hug and a loving message is the easy part.


Don't ever feel guilty. If this had happened to someone else, you would have felt no guilt and considered it a "natural consequence of that guy's action" to get fired. And rightfully so. As you know, he's built himself up on lying and manipulating people into thinking he's a good guy then attacking the vulnerable. I think it's important that people know who he is and what he's done so he has real consequences. It's the best chance he has of every becoming a good person. Telling people what he did is more likely to help him, as he has to truly come to terms with what he's done and admit the horror of it to other people.  It may also hurt him, but generally, as they say, "Sunlight is the best disinfectant". And things get better and better as you let more people in and heal.


Never, ever feel shame for this. You never did anything wrong, and there is absolutely nothing to be ashamed about.

Be safe and be happy :) Ask me anything anytime.

Your new friend

-Adam

P.S. You have my permission to show this to anyone anytime anywhere in any way. I harbor no shame, and if you think this will help anyone else show it to them or copy/paste if you want.


.


I hope you all know that this applies to every one of you.  I got counseling as a child and as an adult, and encourage anyone who hasn't spoken up about this stuff to find help.  I have never used these services, but a couple places to start for rape or child molestation in the US are:

https://ohl.rainn.org/online/

http://www.aftersilence.org/

Or call the National Sexual Assault Hotline: 800-656-4673


If you don't know how to talk to someone who you think has been raped:

http://www.rainn.org/get-help/help-a-loved-one

Or call the National Sexual Assault Hotline: 800-656-4673


You are also 100% welcome message me to talk, but I am not going to be as good as the people who do this every day.

It has been a long time since I felt any shame myself for any of this.  And I know it sucks horribly sometimes, but the rest of you can get there as well.  Be safe and be happy :)

Your new friend

-Adam