It has been quite an eventful week for me and my boyfriend.

I've been a long time lurker of this sub, and this is the place I feel most comfortable posting my frustrations to. A little background on my relationship: my boyfriend isn't generally moody, but when anything even halfway dramatic happens, he pretty much shuts down and doesn't say much of anything. 

So last week, when I accidentally got a boot on his car to the tune of $140, he went into shut-down mode. I was already on my way to vacate my old apartment that I had lived in with some friends I had a huge falling out with, so I was already high strung knowing I'd have to deal with the three of them, and then I get a boot on his car and I couldn't pay it at the moment. He gave the guy his card while I sat in the van and bawled my eyes out.

Why was I crying, you ask? 

Well, I have pretty violent PMS.

SO naturally, this freaks my boyfriend out even more so for the next 24 hours, my boyfriend says a total of *maybe* ten words to me, if that. He didn't respond when I said goodbye to him when I left for work the next morning, didn't respond to any of my texts during the day, and wasn't at home when I got back from work. When he comes back from wherever he was, he gives me a deadpan "hey" and heads upstairs. That's pretty much boyfriend-speak for "I'm still not really talking to you." SO naturally I pretty much sat on the couch and started crying.

Later on in the evening it comes time for WWE Smackdown, which the bf and I are both big fans of. I get it all ready to go and I text him from downstairs that he can come down if he wants to watch it with me. I can see that he read it right away, but he only comes down 45 minutes later, sits on the opposite end of the couch, and doesn't really respond when I say hi. So in my stupidly hormonal state, the only natural reaction is for tears to start streaming down my face. And boy howdy, these were *tears*. Alligator tears. However, they were silent, because I was trying not to freak him out by randomly crying. 

I was dumb. He looked over at me and immediately noticed that something was wrong. And he asked me what was up. All of my wat. You practically ignore me for 24 hours and then don't understand why I'm crying? Okay. Whatever. So we talk it out, and his reasoning is "I just needed to not say anything after last night." Even more of my wat. 

Ever since then, he hasn't quite been back to normal. I've done my best to kind of get back into our old routine. So yesterday I asked him if we could go to the beach today, and he said he'd think about it. This morning he told me he didn't wanna go to the beach. So later in the afternoon I see him in his swimsuit and he says he's leaving. 

Turns out his friend asked him to hang out. Where, you ask? 

The beach. 

So I let it slide. I figured he needed some time with his friends to just kind of mellow out. He gets back at eleven thirty and again with the whole deadpan "hey" and retreating upstairs. I come upstairs half an hour later and he's on the phone. He promptly goes downstairs when I come upstairs. And when I go back downstairs a few minutes later, he comes back up. And he stays on the phone until two AM. 

So here I am typing up this wall of text to you lovely ladies of 2X with tears in my eyes, wondering if my PMS is getting the better of me or if there's some sort of foundation to my waterworks. I'd post this in /r/relationships but they don't understand PMS and I need this viewed through that lens.

PS: Thanks for reading my wall of text.

TL;DR Boyfriend seems uncharacteristically jerky and my tear ducts pay the price.