I've been thinking about making this post for a couple of days. Now that we're a default subreddit, we've opened up to a broader group of people. While I don't think this should become a educate-men subreddit, I do think it is good to occasionally talk about things that our core users understand but our new users might not.

So what I want to talk about is rape. I want to talk about it because for the last week I have seen so many reddit threads circle-jerking about rape culture and the fact that women have been brainwashed to be afraid of *all* men. I've seen so many comments talking about how hurt men sometimes are when women don't want to talk to them on the bus, or cross the street when they see them, or just are overly-cautious around them. I think this is something that needs to be addressed and discussed.

Some men seem to believe that women have been taught/socialized by the media to fear men, or to think of all men as potential rapists. The truth is, we have been socialized to think that, not by the media but by life. Rape happens. It happens *all the time*. There isn't a woman alive who doesn't know someone who's been raped, or been raped herself. It's prevalent. It's real.

Here's a story. I am in a social group that includes many girls. Last fall, we had a special meeting where we got together and were given the chance to speak about our personal histories, if we wanted. In this group there were sixteen of us in total. Of those sixteen, FOUR admitted to being raped (two by their boyfriends, one by her ex-boyfriend, and one by an acquaintance). More than that, I know one of the other sisters well, and know that she has been raped (she didn't share that during the ceremony). I have never been raped, but I have been sexually assaulted twice (once by an acquaintance, once by a stranger). 

So in total, 6 out of 16 women in a room had been either raped or assaulted. Keep in mind that this is a group of college girls. We are all different. We come from different places, different backgrounds, different religions, different everything. And it was still 6 out of 16.

So yes, I'm wary of men. I'm wary of strangers. I'm wary that the nice guy I'm talking to is only telling me what I want to hear, and will get angry and aggressive if I turn him down. I'm wary that the guy on the bus who sits too close to me isn't just someone with a poor understanding of personal space. It's always on my mind. It has to be. Because these things happen.

That being said, I don't fear men. I know that there are a vast amount of great wonderful men out there. I have many of those men in my life. I believe most men are good. But I'm still cautious, and that's okay. We all have to work together to make this world a safer place.

To any men or women out there who haven't dealt with this topic in your life, please know there's a nearly 100% chance that a woman in your life, probably even within your own family, has been assaulted or raped. It's that prevalent. The best thing you can do is to be supportive and understanding. Parents, teach your daughters to stand up for themselves, to know that they can always say "no." Friends, look out for the women in your life. Be there and be supportive if she needs help.

[As a side note, I know that many men out there are raped too. I don't mean to diminish their situations by focusing on women in this post. I thought since this is a female-oriented sub it would be good to stick to a female perspective. However, men deserve our support and understanding just as much as women.]

EDIT 1: To those saying that so many of my friends were raped because we are in college, I would like you to read what I posted in reply to a comment:

>The answer is yes. Of the five girls I know were raped, one was raped in high school, one was an alum who was raped two years after leaving college, one was raped while visiting her boyfriend's family in the suburbs, one was raped in her dorm room, and one was raped at a party. I was assaulted once in high school and once at a college party.

EDIT 2: Wow, thanks so much to whomever gifted me gold. I've never gotten it before. I'm off to see what this lounge is all about...

EDIT 3: The lounge...it's...it's beautiful.