The other day I decided to download Snapchat. I had it on an old phone, but the only people ever talked to was my best friend and my boyfriend (whom I'll refer to as "A") . I was getting reacquainted with it when I noticed Snapchat has a feature I didn't remember: it shows a user's 'score' and the top few people they talk to. And I didn't recognize any of the three people A was apparently interacting with often. I had a feeling one of them was his cousin (spoiler, it wasnt) so I decided to Google them. 

One had a twitter account under the same name. She lived far away, was a few years younger than us, and one of those cute little petite brunettes that always make me feel insecure. Worse than that, though, was the fact that she had uploaded a screenshot of MY BOYFRIENDS FACE from Snapchat to her Twitter and it had the hashtag of "man crush monday". 

My first reaction was, naturally, OH HELL NO. 

I want to murder her, but to be honest she probably has no idea he has a gf. So I closed out her Twitter and popped open a bottle of wine (Line 39 Petite Sirah, if you're curious). 

After I calmed down, I texted the boyfriend. He immediately acknowledged he was in the wrong, shouldn't have done it, he kept saying "I don't know what I was thinking", and that I deserve better, especially with what happened between my ex-fiancé and I (long story short, he was constantly emotionally abusive, tried to cheat on me (but was kind of a stereotypical neckbeard so he never got out of his self-imposed friendzones) and basically tried to change me from who I am to some meek little girl who did his bidding. I think the worst part about this was that A knew all this, and still chatted with other girls without telling me. 

He crossed a boundary, one that we've discussed I am not okay with him crossing. So it isn't like it would've been a surprise that I'd be upset if I found out about it. He probably thought he could essentially stay anonymous and anyone he was talking to out of his real life. 

Now, there are two reasons why I'm not going to break up with him. 1) he has always been a little naive when it comes to relationships. He only has had two girlfriends and lost his virginity at 20, when most people I know lost it under 18. His first gf was a normal relationship, they just realized it wasn't working out after a couple of years and parted ways fairly amicably. The second was a ridiculously hot girl who has guys throwing themselves at her left and right. She essentially used A for half a year to drive her around, pay for her pot, and then ignored him for an entire winter, before coming back into his life for another couple of months before A realized what was going on. He has been picky about dating ever since, and somehow we never crossed paths until a year and a half ago, despite having quite a few really good mutual friends. We clicked instantly, and it's safe to say that he is pretty much me with a penis. 

That's actually why I can understand WHY he'd want to talk to other girls. I'm not gonna lie, I like attention. I dress really well, and I'm the type to get free drinks from bartenders. I don't think I'm beautiful, but I think I have a friendly disposition and a nice smile that makes people like me. I even did that stupid /r/rateme once because I was curious what other people would say about me (mixed reviews, and a lot of creepy pm's. Learned my lesson -  I don't need THAT kind of validation). The difference is my boyfriend is fully aware of these things. They aren't surprises. When a bartender bet a free drink that I couldn't do a cartwheel, I told my boyfriend what I was doing. The same with the rateme subreddit. It isn't that I wanted permission and I don't necessarily want to give him permission, but I want his honesty. 

And I consider lies of omission as dishonesty. I probably would be a little uncomfortable if I knew he was talking to other girls, but I think him making it clear he has a gf would have been all I needed if he had told me he wanted to connect with other people across the United States. I honestly think it didn't occur to him what he was really doing, and that it mattered. Or fell under the boundaries I previously set. 

2) He absolutely started bawling when he thought I was going to break up with him. He isn't the type to show or speak about his feelings really. He likes to touch me a lot, just nonsexually, a caress here, a little squeeze there. He says stuff like "I love you" and has expressed that he sees a future with me, and would like to get married and have children with me, but nothing poetic, emotional, etc. We've actually been working on that aspect of our relationship, to decent results. But I digress; so he burst into tears. He didn't try to gaslight me or act like he didn't do anything wrong, like other people do. I must admit it was pretty satisfying watching a 6'2" semi-athletic manly man type break down and throw himself and his future at my mercy. 

My parameters are that he can never, ever do this before. He knows I've stuck to my guns in past relationships regarding  that concept. I also told him he'd have to really work at his communication, and we'd have to repair our bond quite a bit because of how overwhelmingly disappointing this infidelity was. I also warned him that it would likely be a while before we had sex again, because frankly once I've developed an emotional bond to a sexual partner, I can't remove that emotion from sex. And of course I'm still in love with him, and hurting too, so having sex with him is going to cut me up, no matter how good it is. I also said I was going to look into ways to rebuild our relationship (I'm pretty big into psychology, though I know it isn't a perfect science) and that if I found something that I thought might help, I'd want to try it. No idea what I even really mean by that, to be honest. 

So yeah. That was a terrible day. My relationship, once so very great, hit one hell of  speed bump. It can't be swept under the rug, but I'm not going to let it be the elephant in the room nobody talks about. He is more than willing to take the time and effort to help me heal. He accepts that it'll take time to heal. 

Mostly I just had to get this off my chest, and I was wondering how other relationships survive inappropriate flirting, cheating, and/or infidelity. I don't accept the excuse "boys will be boys", and I don't accept stupid "biotruths" that men are going to always want other women. I'm not saying that can't look, I certainly do, but I believe in communication and honesty, and consider this a breach of those. Considering that this sub is now a default, I'm aware this will likely get down votes, but I'm hoping that the normal audience of TwoX will see this and comment as well. I really just want support and advice on how to get through this. I absolutely do not think this is something I should break up with him, unless he does it again. 

**Edit: oooo that downvote brigade is ROUGH**