So I'm a student teacher at a high school (I'm a 26 year old woman). We've been having a heat wave, and the admin has been cracking down on student dress code. It should be noted that our school has no women in the administration or in the student management office. A couple days ago, a female student put up posters around the school to the effect that the dress code (which is heavily female-biased) was promoting rape culture, since it cited the distracting influence of female dress on boys. In my opinion, she's not wrong.

The principal punished the student who put up the posters, cracked down on a planned protest by several students, and had a meeting with some of the more vocal students about this. This morning we had a staff meeting so he could update us on what's been going on. He clearly thinks it's a joke. He said he didn't know what rape culture was - that he had to do some research - and made some comments that he thinks students are doing this to "try to be feminist." He went on to say that "being a feminist means you shouldn't dress like that," and that "boys wear inappropriate things sometimes too!" He also made some classist comments about how our poor students (we're a high poverty school) don't know how to dress, because poor people don't know what's appropriate for the workplace. The district is re-writing the dress code with gender-neutral language, but the fact remains that the administration, and most of the teachers (largely men and older women), are treating this like a joke. 

It's not a joke. Part of our job as teachers is teaching and discussing appropriate socialization. Part of our job is to teach our students that they have a voice. Our job is to speak truth. Rape culture is not a joke. It's not something that will go away with re-writing the dress code or telling students they can't wear short-shorts. Punishing a student for speaking her mind about something that matters to her - and should matter to everyone - is disgusting. Expecting, and requiring! female students to be ashamed of their bodies (when our culture idolizes and fetishizes their young female bodies) is disgusting. Not having any female admin is disgusting and backwards. Blaming this on class and parenting is disgusting. 

I'm pissed as hell. I can't do anything - I'm a student teacher. I can't talk to the principal because I'd jeopardize my chances of getting a job (the principal is a required reference for a lot of districts). My supervising teacher - who's a woman - is pretty conservative, and I don't want to piss her off, again because of references, but also because I need a to have a working relationship with her for the next 8 weeks. I basically have to keep my mouth shut. I was going to apply for a job here, but I'm seriously reconsidering doing that. I don't want to work in a sexist, classist environment like this. I don't want to work in a place where student, and especially female voices are treated like they don't matter. 

Am I wrong to be pissed about this? Am I reading too much into it? Should I jeopardize my career to speak out about this (I'm considering it)? 