This is a potentially controversial post, but I want to get perspective from other women and their experience.

For the longest time, I couldn't relate to feminist blogs that talked about difficulties in working with men in the workplace. I'm feminist as all hell, but I've had the most trouble dealing with other women, specifically white women. (Before anyone gets upset, I'm also white.) My attitude is more direct than passive-aggressive, more ambitious than uncertain, and while I'm not being Ms Barch in the office, I'm not exactly being Brittany, (I'm probably more of a Jane) and I think it keeps screwing me. The hiring managers everywhere I've worked or interviewed have been white women and I've noticed a trend in how many are passive, calm, speak quietly, smile often, avoid conflict, and will never tell you if there's a problem because it's easier to complain to others than talk to you. I am more the type to ask someone if there's a problem so we can resolve it, I usually get a big smile about how there is no problem, and then word travels back to me within the office about how so-and-so thinks I'm "scary". ("My name is Juu Dee. Everything is fine in Ba Sing Sae." You know the drill.)

After years of being told to show off my passion for the company I was applying for and to list all of my accomplishments and how I can apply them, I realized it wasn't getting me anywhere. A few weeks ago I tested my theory in an interview, submitted a resume with several accomplishments omitted, lower test scores, and spoke in a flat, spacey tone of voice about "finding myself" instead of where I saw myself in five years at the company. She thought I was perfect. I got the job. (I accepted another elsewhere.) I couldn't make this up if I tried.

I spoke to a few of my girlfriends about it and while some have felt empowered by the idea of sisterhood, I spoke to enough who said they always had problems with their female managers because they wouldn't play the game. I don't swear or lose my temper ever (at the office), I'm always friendly and respectful, I never use the tone in this post at work (unless I'm chatting with friends), I've had people describe me as "intense" but they say it reflects well in my work, but I'm concerned about how many times my friends and I have been described as "scary" by female colleagues and superiors. A few have been denied promotions or been the first in layoffs because of this even though their work ethic is superb. I've always felt worried talking about it publicly because of repercussions from other women insisting this was a stereotype and wasn't true, and from men who would use it as an example of how women are evil manipulative bitches.

TwoX ladies, is this anything you can relate to? Am I full of it? Am I right on point? Have you ever had to play passive to get along with other women at work? Has resting bitchy face gotten you a talking-to about your pieces of flair? Do you have to ditch the professional point of view for a best-girlfrendz attitude to get your foot in the door?