I could really use a few words of advice/alternate viewpoints.

Last week I started exchanging emails with a classmate of mine. They were strictly school-related, until a few days ago, when he got really drunk and tried to ask me out via email. I told him I was seeing someone but we could be friends (we're in the same very small academic program). He said that he "might be in love with me" (only have talked to him four times max), "wants to hang out forever", etc.

I debated telling my SO about it, but decided he should know (and I thought it was kind of funny). He wasn't amused, and then went on to say that I was probably flirting with him and I should have been clear from the start that I wasn't interested. I had told the guy "no, I'm seeing someone, I don't want to go on a date", but my SO thinks I should have been clearer from the start.

Apparently this came down to my very "flirty" personality. I will admit that sometimes my personality comes off that way. I smile a lot, laugh at jokes, and my sense of humor can sometimes come off as flirtation.

A few years ago, I had an encounter with a coworker where he pushed me up against a wall, started making out with me, and tried to shove his hands down my pants. I said "no" about a dozen times, and was using all my strength to try to get his hands away from me. I was really shaken by the whole thing and lost my job over it. My SO brought up /that/ incident too, and says I probably gave the coworker the wrong impression.

I'm feeling kind of hurt by this, especially him bringing up the coworker incident. I know I have a flirty personality but I don't think that means I deserve to be harassed in any manner. We stopped talking about it because I was getting upset, and I feel like there's no real resolution to this.

I'm in a period of my life where I'm trying to meet new people. And the way I do that is by acting like myself. I just can't imagine meeting a guy and then automatically saying "oh by the way I'M NOT INTERESTED". That just sounds really presumptuous and stuckup to me. But my SO says I need to "make the line clear" because I'm leading these guys on.

He says he doesn't want me to change my personality but I know it's bothering him. I don't want to change my personality either. I guess I should "tone it down" a bit? In the case of the classmate, I never intentionally flirted with him. And apparently "friendliness" counts as flirtation.

So I don't know. I think he has a point, but at the same time, I feel like a creep is a creep. If they don't listen to "no" at any point, why would they listen to "no" at the beginning??