Logical me (who has another account and loves 2X), knows how ridiculous this will sound.  Anxious me needs support from internet people.  Anxiety is a cruel cruel bitch.

About a month or so ago, I met a guy on okcupid and "dated" him for nine days before I realized he was obsessive/a "clinger" and an alcoholic (that's a hell of a story, if anyone is interested). 

We had sex three times in those nine days, along with oral sex.  Actual intercourse always had condoms.  But, in the post-"breakup" anxiety I was feeling because I was scared he would come to my house and harass myself or my roommates, I decided to get tested for STIs and HIV.  He mentioned he had friends who were recovering heroin addicts. My anxiety was taking over.  I went to the planned parenthood and was tested for the usual spread, and requested an HIV test.  I tested negative, but they told me it was too soon for it to be 100% accurate and to come back in 6 weeks.  My 6 weeks are now up, and I am going tomorrow night with a friend because I just need someone to hold my hand.

Logically I am aware that my chances are incredibly low.  Despite the fact that condoms to us are just a millimeter of latex, a condom to a virus is like trying to cross through the Berlin Wall with a plastic spoon.  We used condoms every time.  The probability of a heterosexual white male being infected and not treated is also very low.  My standard screen for STIs came back negative.

I know I sound like an idiot.  I am ashamed of the places my anxious mind takes me.  I have a friend coming with me tomorrow, and I am very thankful to her, but I'm just fucking scared.  I am convinced I will come back positive and will have to tell my family and friends and move to a metaphorical leper colony.

I'm not even 100% sure why I feel the urge to post this. Maybe I'm looking for other women who have been in similar situations.  Maybe I'm looking for other women to tell me my anxiety does not make me a fucking crazy person. I don't know.