A little background: we were born 5 months apart and spent the majority of our childhood together. My parents spent every single weekend at her parents house and we were pretty much sisters up until 14 years of age. (She also spent a good deal of her freshman year of HS in and out of mental wards, although hospitalization was probably overkill on her parents part.) Her parents went through a wicked divorce that caused a rift in the family and her and I ended up fighting over a guy and not speaking to each other for three years. We have since reconnected in a big way, we talk all the time on the phone and we see each other during the summer. The problem is, she lives in Hawaii and I live on the East Coast. 

Now for what happened. I got a couple of texts from her this morning that scared the shit out of me. "I'm in a bad way, I just want you to know I love you, thank you for being there for me." There is a huge time difference so it was 6am her time when I got these texts. I didn't want to wake her up so I just waited and she texted me about an hour ago. Apparently she got into a drunken fight with her boyfriend last night and yelled and hit him and according to her "acted like a psycho."  She doesn't know where her and her boyfriend stand. I suggested therapy but she doesn't want that. Right now she is just really depressed. "I'm a horrible person, I wish I could crawl into a hole a die,  nothing I can do to fix it, I wish it had never happened..." etc etc. I've been trying just to talk her down and tell her that she isn't a horrible person and that even good people make mistakes. Other than that, I have no idea how to help her. And I know she needs help. Hitting your SO isn't okay, no matter what the circumstances are. Being drunk is no excuse. She doesn't want to break up with her boyfriend and it seems like he doesn't want to break up either. 

I love this girl and I want to do anything I can to help her, which obviously isn't much because I'm so far away. Normally I'm good with advice but I'm at a total loss here. Anyone with experience have any advice on how I can help her?