I used to be on the pill, but I have a terrible memory and just *cannot* remember to take it at the same time every day. When I brought this up as a teenager to my doctor and my step-mom whom I was living with at the time, they told me to suck it up and that it just wasn't that hard to take it, and that I was an idiot. (They were both awful people.) 

At first I was using the pill to regulate my periods, so missing a few days wasn't a huge deal, but eventually I started to become sexually active and I knew I couldn't be constantly worried about whether or not I was pregnant because I had missed a day (or three...). So when I moved out on my own I talked to my (new!) doctor about alternatives. I started on the Depo shot, which was amazing for the first while. I get the shot every three months and I usually only have one period a month, if at all. My periods are AWFUL so avoiding them entirely was a huge draw and I'm sad to have to go off of it.

But, I've gained a *lot* of weight and have been having other issues with it, so I need to try something else. I usually am about 15 pounds heavier when on birth control, which is fine with me because I'm really not all that concerned with being chubby, but this is more like waterweight - I feel uncomfortable and bloated and terrible and moody. And HUNGRY. ALL THE TIME. Hangry, if you will. It's decreased my sex drive somewhat, made me really crave starchy, carby foods, and really emotional and stressed out - which has made me break out a lot more. 

My only knowledge of the IUD is what I've been told by my one friend that has had it, and her experience was awful. She said that it was extremely painful to have put in, and that she had really bad cramps following the procedure, that it kept falling out of place, and that she had it removed after only a few months because she just hated it so much. I'm due for my next depo shot soon so I need to decide what I'm going to do within the next month, or I'll be stuck with these symptoms for another three... If all I have to go off of is her advice I'm definitely not going to get it, but if there's any possibility that it will work out better than what I'm doing now I'll try it!