Sorry in advance if this is the wrong sub (if is it not, please redirect me) I will try to make this as short as possible. 

I am a 19 year old college freshman in a small town and have had my first job for about 6 months now. It is a small 5 employee print shop, with two mid 30 year old women and another college female, with me being the newest one. I have recently been noticing that I am beginning to do more of the "physical" work including changing air filters, repairing machines, cleaning out offices, moving boxes, etc. My official job title is Customer Service/Production (as I deal with the customers and prepare the jobs). The reason I got this job was with the help of the other college aged worked who has been here for a year and a half. 

Let me also state that I have no intention of staying in this job because I will be moving away out of town for a university by fall of 2015 at the latest to pursue a Mechanical Engineering degree, which my boss, a 50 year old male has. I have a sense that just because I want to be an engineer, he puts me to do the "manly" jobs and doesn't want to bother the other 3 who do design work because of their degree. Also, when the other workers are supposed to be working, I see them on their phones (especially the college girl) and when I walk into the office she pretends she's back to working. This has infuriated me to the point that I want to quit because it is not fair that I am doing the dirty jobs while she sits behind a desk "working". 

With that being said, there is a new opening as a secretary in town and think it is right for me to experience a new job. My question is, how do I tell my boss I want to quit. Should I go ask for information about the new job and if I get through the interview process and hopefully get hired, do I tell my boss then and put in a 2 weeks notice. This is the first time I have dealt with a situation like this. 

P.s earlier in the year, I decided not to pursue an engineering intership because I felt like the "company" needed me, but I now see that the only need they want is my "physical and engineering help" 

TL;DR I am having issues at work with how I am being assigned to do the "physical and dirty" work in the print shop while others are barely working in an office designing. There also is an opening as a secretary in town. Should I go ahead and see what happens?