I don't know if this is the right place to post this but I really need to vent.

Before I continue let me mention a few things about my brother. He's 25 and I'm 23. We both live at home and work for our parents and dependent on them financially. He is currently finishing his junior year of college since he took two years off after the first semester of college due to an appendectomy. During those two years he didn't do much, from what I know. He would wake up and sleep late. He would spend his time playing poker or some computer game day and night. Currently, both of us work for our parents in a small shop. He works once a week, whereas I work six times a week. Every time he 's done with his shift I spend nine cleaning his mess. Honestly, if he wasn't my brother I would have him fired. He leaves the place a mess, and even after working for more than a year at the same place he still doesn't bother to learn about the things we sell.

So, tonight after watching a movie we went to have dinner. I mentioned how I enjoy a certain friends company because of the discussions we have. He said that the only reason why I enjoy it because she agrees with me. I disagreed with him saying that we disagree with each other but we accept each other's opinion. He said 'you're right.' And I joked 'like always'.
He said 'not really'. I said that it's just him agreeing with my opinion but it isn't right or wrong. He then mentioned something about how he's right most of the time since he thinks a lot more than me. I was offended. He doesn't know how often I think and how I think, and I told him that. He said he does by the way I do things. I told him that unless he's inside of my head and knows my thought process he can't know how I think. I told him that just because I have a certain behavior doesn't mean I think a certain way. 

He kept saying that he knew me and he knew people. I felt that was very condescending of him to think that way. He brought up our age difference and how he's wiser and smarter because of those years. I disagreed. I told him that I don't know if he is or isn't wiser than me and he shouldn't be so confident in knowing me. I also said that sometimes age isn't a factor in being wise but rather experiences. We argued the entire way and he was very adamant on changing my opinion. I told him that I wouldn't change it because it's what I think. I made sure to mention that I'm listening to what he has to say but I disagree and my point as to why I disagree. The whole thing ended when I got home and said, 'it's not about winning or losing but rather you accepting that I think different. I'm not gonna say you're right or I'm right.' He said, 'Exactly you won't say that because you don't want to think about it. We can discuss this for hours if you want but you can't since you don't want to think deeper.' I didn't reply and went to my room.

The reason I'm venting is because I feel like I was put down. I live in an household where they take my thoughts very lightly and believe that my brother is smarter than me. I don't voice my opinions too often because every time I do there is always someone trying to disprove me and I get emotional. What was worse was that we had my cousin sleeping over and every time I mentioned something I believe my brother would laugh and my cousin would laugh with him. It's really hard to hold your ground when they laugh at your opinions.  

tl;dr: Brother and I had a discussion which turned into an argument,and I feel put down.