This may get quite lengthy, and any spelling or grammatical mistakes are because I am typing this out both in urgency and because I am on mobile. I'm using a throwaway because this will get personal.

For the first time in about six years - and only because I developed a very nasty illness I could not ignore - I saw a doctor. After getting lectured about how there is no excuse for me to not see a doctor, how actually my insurance does cover routine preventative care and with my consent, she did a full workup along with treating my illness.

It goes without saying that I am not nearly as healthy as I thought I was. Actually, I'm pretty sick, but with reversible issues.

The problem is that I have NO IDEA how to take care of myself. Sure, I possess basic life skills, but proper care and maintenance of the body is something that I can't grasp. I have neglected my medical care, my diet (I either eat not at all or the kind of foods you would see on a child's plate, and I am 32 and in before fat, I'm not), my physical and emotional self to such an extent that the doctor informed me that my life expectancy could be years and not decades if I don't fix this.

I was abused as a child. It was literally a matter of survival that I stopped registering pain/discomfort/sickness until they became unmanageable on my own or I was strong armed or bribed into getting proper care as an adult (I received proper care as a child). I don't know my body in the sense to find a way to fix it if something is wrong - I most often do not feel pain or any illness until they are completely incapacitating. I had to not. Survival.

I don't know how to feed myself a proper diet. I don't know how to tell if something is physically wrong. I don't know how to search for or vouch for a doctor - I just picked a name out of a book and saw if they accepted my insurance. I need a gyno, but I don't even know how to find one of those, and if I do they have to be someone who can deal with a certain level of crazy I get because I was sexually abused. I have terrible PTSD and can't be touched.

I feel guilty and terrible that I have neglected myself to the point where dying is a possibility. I feel terrible and guilty that what I went through was obviously this bad that I don't feel human, that I feel like an object, and that the thought of care frightens me.

Please help me. Give me advice. How do I...essentially be a person?