This is going to be kind of rant/just-trying-to-get-it-off-my-chest thing..


Some days , I feel like I could take on the entire world. I feel gorgeous, I love my body, and I am smart.
And then, there are days like this. I woke up this morning and knew today was going to be a bust. My husband hasn’t touched me since last week, he barely looks at me, and so I feel like I’m nothing to him. I feel huge, and ugly, and stupid. Even as I write this, the only things repeatedly cycling through my mind are that he could do so much better than me, and that he will inevitably find someone who leaves me in the dust. All those thoughts come from the lack of words. He never tells me that I’m pretty, not that I depend on that, but it’s still nice to hear once in a while, isn’t it?


I watched “The Mirror Has Two Faces” today, and I found myself identifying with Barbra Streisand’s character, in that she bettered herself, only to start getting the right attentions from the wrong people. I, on the other hand, get no attention (even from the right person), and I don’t care what other people think of me, it would just be nice if my own husband could bring himself to tell me I was beautiful. He says he doesn’t, because all I do is reply that I’m not pretty. **HAS HE EVER THOUGHT ABOUT TELLING ME I’M BEAUTIFUL WHEN I ACTUALLY FEEL BEAUTIFUL?** Not when I’m sweaty, or when I feel horrible, because at those times, and many more, I feel everything BUT beautiful. 



I’m tired of wondering if he’s even attracted to me anymore, or if he dreads coming home to me. I’ve even wondered if he regretted marrying me at times. But, all of those questions remain unanswered because he doesn’t think they’re worth answering. If only he knew that when he doesn’t answer, he’s breaking my heart into tinier pieces.


UPDATE: I talked to him when he came home tonight ( I had been crying a little, so I was kind of emotional). He didn't say anything. I told him exactly what was written here, and he said NOTHING. He just got up and walked away. So, yeah....my night? Shaping up to be grrrrreat.

