I really need some advice. I feel like I'm destroying my relationship because of how I've been feeling about other things outside of the relationship.

I've been a member of 2X for awhile, but I'm a little bit embarrassed so I've made a throwaway account. Just a little context: my long-term boyfriend is honestly so amazing, attentive, helpful, and caring, he means so much to me. I've been upset with other areas of my life which doesn't help, but for the last few months I've been having nightmares of him dying of various diseases/disasters. I'm now constantly worried when I'm awake that something bad is going to happen to him. Being upset with other areas of my life, hes been a huge support, but I feel like me being constantly upset, I've been a burden to him. He's assured me that I'm not a burden, but I can't help but feel that I am. This feeling of being a burden has made me start looking into everything he's doing as a sign that he is getting bored, or can't handle me anymore and is going to leave. 

Its hard because I find myself relying on him more than I ever did, which doesn't help, because it makes me that more afraid of losing him. In the end I'm causing more damage than good by worrying. 

I'm wondering if any 2Xers have gone through a similar experience and if you know how to get yourself out of this rut? I feel like I'm going in this bad circle, and I just don't know how to pull myself out of this way of thinking. 

**Edit: Thank you for the help for those that commented :) It is nice getting a perspective that isn't mine. After reading the comments I realized that I have anxiety on just about everything, not just my boyfriend, he has been what I've been focusing on so its what came out on the comment.... but if I start thinking about any one thing I start to get crippling anxiety over it and also start to panic. I have done a google search as was suggested, and am going to start going through some ways to make this better.... as well as going to take up some other suggestions (exercise, yoga, distractions, lists, etc)**