I was sexually abused as a child by this man. He was an older teen at the time.

I'm constantly trying to live a normal life, and recently I found the courage to tell my brother what happened to me. I didn't say who, but I did say that I was about 7 (It's hard to be precise with no one else to confirm details like this). My family has known for a long time that I have secrets, I started displaying severe PTSD symptoms around 13-14 and was diagnosed at 17. My understanding is that they believe whatever happened to me, happened around the time I started going off the rails, and I let them believe whatever they want to. It's easier that way. I have so many repressed memories that even I am unable to say exactly what happened. Sometimes I wonder if my brain made the whole thing up. But then why do I have these horrifying fragmented memories? Why do I leave the room when his name is brought up in conversation? Why is it so difficult to speak of aloud and on the very few occasions I have, my tears were uncontrollable?

So I'm trying to find out where he has ended up, if he is in jail, what part of the country, etc. Mostly hoping that he is safely in jail. Wondering if he's hurt anyone else.

I found an online article about a crime I knew he had committed, it is not recent, and it's so sympathetic it made me feel physically ill and I wanted to share my frustration. He tried to hold up a store with a syringe filled with blood. He went to jail for it, and this article talks about how he was 'sent away to live with his grandparents' and 'rejected by family'. Sob stories.

Yes, he was raised by grandparents. Who were strict but loving. He displayed disturbing behaviour from a young age, including tricking my brother into getting in a toybox, locking him inside and leaving him there. For fun.

He was into drugs and petty crime as soon as he was old enough to sneak out. He stole from his grandparents and staged burglaries and sold their possessions.

The family tried to help him. He went and stayed with other relatives in a different area to get him away from the criminals he hung out with. He found new ones instead. Throughout, drugs and crime were a common theme.

Eventually he went back to the grandparents. The behaviour continued. He would taunt his elderly grandmother, pulling faces, mouthing things behind his grandfathers head and denying he was doing anything. She became incredibly distressed and became very thin and unwell. He never once showed any remorse for any actions. Although once he was seen to gift some very angry male relatives a bottle of whiskey at a family christmas to sweeten them up.

Eventually, extended family deemed him beyond help and dangerous to the grandmothers health. He was sent away and told not come back unless he changed his ways and became a productive member of society. That was in the early 00's.

Reading this article, and seeing all the 'he never had a chance' bullshit absolutely sickens me. He had every chance and wasn't interested. All he ever wanted to do was have his fun at the expense of others. You could tell he enjoyed it, got off on it. You could see it in his eyes.

How do you deal with it when someone you know and see only as a monster, is treated so sympathetically? How can some lame-ass online 'journalist' write a biased article being soft on some guy who pulls out a syringe full of his own blood on a retail worker? Oh he wanted cash to 'get away', did he? Bull fucking shit. He wanted more drugs.

I need a hug and a stiff drink. This article has really upset me, even if it is 9 years old.

:(


Edit: I had to remove the link to the article. Sorry mods.


