When my mom passed away, everything was chaos.  My parents had divorced, so it was just she and I.  One school morning, I woke up, and I went to wake her up and she was gone.  She died the night before of a heart attack, at the age of 38.  Everything after that was a blur of funerals, custody discussions, and moving.  In the move, a lot of my mother's things and my things were lost or misplaced.  This past Fall, I was cleaning out some boxes, and found my baby book.  It was one of the best days of my life.  My mother had written down the story of her pregnancy and my birth.  It was as if she knew she wouldn't be here to tell me the story.  I just wish I remembered what she sounded like, so that I could hear it in her voice.  

Upon hearing my heartbeat for the first time:  "I believe that moment was the single most exciting in my life.  All of a sudden you were very real."

My dad "helping" during labor:  "They hooked me me up to the fetal monitor so they could graph out the contractions and monitor your heartbeat. Dad sat beside me holding my hand and giving me a play-by-play on my labor pains.  The stronger a contraction was the higher the reading.  He would say, 'That was only a 28, it couldn't have hurt too badly.  That was a 42!  You probably felt that one!'"

When I wouldn't cooperate: "Doctors arrived and it was decided that an ultrasound was in order.  That was the first time I saw you!  I was so thrilled, I didn't even notice the look of concern on the doctor's faces.  The doctor explained the situation.  You were in a foot down breech position which would be a difficult and dangerous delivery.  This was the first time I felt scared during the entire morning, and looking at Dad I could tell he was too."

On my birth:  "You arrived at 12:57pm.  A beautiful and healthy GIRL!"

I miss my mother every day.  On my wedding day, it was particularly hard, but it really is every day.  On this Mother's Day, I wanted to share my story, and maybe connect with other women for whom mother's day is also bittersweet.

Edit:  Thank you to all those who read this.  I honestly could not have imagined the response.  Seeing all of your responses, I did not feel so alone, and I hope that many of you felt the same.  Yesterday was easier than any Mother's Day I can remember.  To all those who have lost someone, I wish you all the hope and healing possible.  I wish I could give you all something tangible, something to help the hurt.  I hope that even though the pain may never go away, that you find things that make it easier - happy moments and memories that salve the wounds. Wishing all of you the best today and every day.