Hey all.  I just have something I need to get off my chest/get advice on how to deal with this.  I though that since it's a very gender-divided topic, you all would have some experience with it.

To start off, I'll tell you now that is about sex.  I've always been pretty cautious about sex, because I have been assaulted in the past, several times.  I finally found a man that I can feel comfortable with, and it's amazing and everything is great.  I've also had a few abusive relationships, and this relationship is nothing like those at all, ever.  He's so sweet and kind and works with me when I have flashbacks and nightmares.  We want to get married in the next few years.  Everything is great.  

A few months ago, we bought a vibrator to use together, just to shake it up a little bit.  It's been great, again, but then something happened about a week ago.

We went to a sex shop, and I bought another vibrator.  He bought a pocket pussy.  That's the part I feel uncomfortable about.  I know I shouldn't be uncomfortable about him using a toy when I have my own, but I am.  I told him this and he said that it didn't matter, and that I was being rediculous.

I feel like I am being stupid, but I just..  If he ever said that he felt uncomfortable with me using a vibrator, I would get rid of it right away.  But when I say that I feel like that, it's just nothing.  It's giving me horrible anxiety just thinking about it, too.  Like, panic attack level.  I just feel like my words and my opinion doesn't matter, just like I felt when I was in a past abusive relationship.

What can I do?  Do I just suck it up and drop it?  Am I really being rediculous or stupid?... Please help me, ladies, I feel like I'm going nuts! :(

edit:

Thank you for your replies.  I understand what you're saying, and I really appreciate your responses.

I'm thinking it's probably more about not feeling like my emotions are valid, rather than the actual toy, I guess.  I'm just really confused about it all, and wanted to see some other opinions.  thanks again.