I'm sorry if this is a lot of text.. but I don't have anyone else to talk to. I lurk here all the time, and I know you all are very supportive. I hope one of you is kind enough to offer me some words of wisdom right now.

Last night I told my boyfriend (first time I've told anyone ever) about my bulimic behavior. When I eat a big meal, I throw it up. I explained to him why I do it - I'm very depressed and suicidal, and throughout my whole life I've been using food to help me cope. I used to be very overweight until I was about 17-18 (20 now), so I've always truly hated my body. Now, I'm a lot thinner (I lost a lot of weight in very unhealthy ways), get lots of attention, am considered "skinny".. but I don't look as good without clothes on. So I want to lose some weight until I'm happy. I feel obese, still. I feel like a whale. I want to die, but I  want to eat everything before I do. To be honest, I'm never full. I hate being around food because I just want to eat it. And if I do, I'll puke it all out. But if it was up to me, I'd eat forever, you know?

After explaining to him that food makes me temporarily happy and takes me away from my depression for a bit, he was worried and showed concern, etc. I specifically asked him for help because I know this is bad and I don't want to damage my teeth any more. Of course, he agreed to help. After the conversation, we went upstairs to his apartment and decided to eat. He made me promise I wouldn't throw it up (I wasn't going to, I had already done that before so I was actually hungry and knew I needed some food to function). As soon as I sit and am about to eat, he says, "don't eat too much".

At that point, I put my plate down, and decided not to eat. He didn't have a problem with it, and just continued to eat his food. He saw I was upset but I didn't want to talk. I felt like the fattest person in the world, and well, I felt broken inside, and decided I needed to eat a lot less because he probably agrees with me and also thinks I'm fat... I mean why else would he tell me that? I got the hint.. but I can't deny he made me feel horrible.. 

Fast forward to today, around dinner time, I tell him I don't want to eat. 5 minutes later I change my mind (I was going to puke it out anyway), so as I'm about to get some food, he says, "I thought you said you weren't hungry." I said "I lied," to which he replies, "you need to make up your mind." He sounded annoyed that I decided to eat.. So, again, I felt like a cow, and decided not to eat. He then proceeded to eat next to me.

Now, a few hours later, we get to his place and he immediately heats up some pizza hut, and just eats it right in front of me.. doesn't offer food, doesn't care if I'm hungry or not (he obviously knew I skipped dinner earlier)... I mean, he doesn't have to offer food, I can eat when I want, but god, I told him how hard it is for me to be around food!!! why is he doing this?

I started to cry, so I told him everything I've typed, and he just said that he's sorry and that he didn't mean it, and that just eating in front of me was wrong. But then, why would he do it in the first place? I'm confused, I don't know why he's making this harder for me? I mean why would you tell someone with an ED that they shouldn't eat too much? Or why would you just eat in font of them when you know they are hungry all the time? :( Am I overreacting? I want to think that I am but I just feel so fat, I feel like I'm not skinny enough for him and that he's kind of doing me a favor by encouraging me not to eat. But a part of me still feels sad. Help?