This is my first time posting here and I don't really know what to say, so I guess I will emotionally-vomit and hope I feel better afterwards.

Apologies for the mess that follows.

So, my SO and I have been together for nearly 2 years now. We're planning on getting married at some point when we are more financially independent and then start a family. At the moment, I'm mostly a stay-at-home girlfriend. I cook, I clean, I do all the laundry, and I'm here to do other things that must be done during "banking hours" that could not, otherwise, be done.

However... I feel like I don't do enough for the household. I've expressed this to my SO and he's repeatedly told me "I don't care whether or not you get a job, I just want you to be happy." I'm paranoid and depressed (with depression, not like sad all the time) and so sometimes that feels like... not enough. I'm sure I am being judged by basically everyone because he works 40+ hours a week at a job he loves and I probably do about 10 hours of "work" at home when it comes to household work.

I know my family thinks I'm a worthless piece of shit because I don't work. This is mostly because, in my family, your value is determined by how much you do and how much money you make.

To be fair, I guess, I am kinda, sorta work-working. I bring home enough money with my highly sparse and variable job as a transcriptionist a month to pay for 1/2 the groceries and all bills I incur by myself (cell, credit cards, etc), but...

I dunno. I guess I want support? I don't really want to work (edit, I phrased this poorly in that the work I am qualified to do is something that doesn't make me happy), and I have very little energy to really do anything. Going to school 15+ hours a week is extremely exhausting and leaves me stressed and whatnot, but during the times I don't I school, I feel that same exhaustion even though I don't do nearly as much.

Okay, how about a question: To you stay-at-home persons, what do you do to make yourself seem valuable?