Long story short, I've been in a pseudo relationship with a guy since the beginning of the year. Neither of us wanted anything serious, it was my first "relationship" and he was teaching me about sex and whatnot. It was fun, and nothing serious. We never really talked about what we were, and I know I shyed away from talking about it with him, because some part of me knew what he was gonna say. Anyway, we hang out this past week. He mentions he has a date with a girl next week. I played it off because hey, we never talked about any of that shit. Part of me really doesn't mind. I don't feel passionately about him, and it's not like I love him or anything. I see him as somewhere between a friend and a boyfriend, maybe more towards the boyfriend end but without the attachment.

But the other part of me was really hurt. I'm fat. I know I am (but I'm working on it!). He mentioned something about my weight on our second date, more saying hey if you wanna lose weight you'd be able to do more sex-wise (I'm easy, what can I say). It hurt me, and I let him know that. Since it seemed like he wasn't attracted to me so why waste his time with me? But he kinda assured me his comment was meant more as logical, and not as an attack. That made sense to me, since I have a habit of saying things like that that can be taken as offensice when I don't mean it to. Now knowing he's activiley looking for other partners, I find uncomfortable. I feel--- I don't know, used? Like he was doing me a service by sleeping with me and showing me the ropes, but now that someone he actually finds attractive comes along, what happens to me?

Again, it's not like I want to marry this guy or anything. But I liked what we had-- what we have. We saw each other every so often (he lived in a different state, I'm still in college), spent a couple days together, and then when we weren't together, we skyped and texted a lot. Again, it wasn't passionate or serious, it was fun. But I liked it. I'm still in school and am not looking for nor do I have time for a super serious relationship. I just feel like this is like his way of saying "I'm done" or "I've found someone better" without actually saying as much.

I don't know. I don't know how I feel. I've been used a lot in the past by friends, and I don't want to be used by partners, and I think this might be the path I'm heading down now with this guy but I also don't know if I'm overreacting because I tend to do that a bit as well.... I'm a rather indifferent person- if nothing is very wrong, I'm perfectly content. So maybe that's the problem? I was content with what we had, made no obvious advances so he figured we were jsut friends? Maybe?  I don't know what I'm expecting out of posting this here. I guess maybe just some other women's perspectives would be helpful. I have a lot of self confidence issues (which I'm working on) so I don't want to be sued but I'm afraid of upsetting people or having people be mad at me, so I don't like questioning things or standing up for myself. But I think this is a situation where I need to. But I just don't know what I'm standing up for.