I don't know if it is because I grew up with two older brothers and no sisters, or if it is because my two best friends growing up were one geeky guy and one gay guy, or if it is because every chick I was "friends" with in highschool/college ended up completely "Mean Girl"ing me, and always seemed to be trying to subtly (out not so subtly), undermine my self esteem. Girl on girl friendships always felt competitive and bitchy, and I always dreamed to end up getting hurt and betrayed in some hideous and vicious kind of emotional bullying. So...now I don't trust other women, and I always feel stressed out and am unable to relax in their presence. I don't know if it is residual hurt and bitterness from these earlier betrayals, or if all the women I meet now still are vindictive, evil, bitches ready to stab you in the back at the first opportunity. I only feel comfortable around guys. I feel relaxed, and I actually have fun, instead of feeling uncomfortable and full of dread and trepidation. Thr problem is that eventually, even if I very clearly state that I am NOT interested in them in any sexual or romantic way, the guys always end up eventually misinterpreting my ease around them,my friendliness, and my sincere interest in them as a fellow human being. They ALWAYS seem to try and date me, or at the least they hit on me-and not just in a casual and inconsequential "friends-with-benefits" kind of way. ...Always in a friendship killing, awkward, kind of way. The only people I seem able to really be friends with then, and feel like I can trust, are gay men. It seems like guys can't be friends with girls without it becoming romantic/sexual, unless at least one of you is gay. Idk what to do about this. It ends up making me very likely, as I have no "girlfriends", and my friendships with his always seem to implode once they realize that I really am serious when I say that I am not looking for any kind of romantic relationship. And the solution can't be to ONLY befriend gay men...that seems a bit odd and dysfunctional, on my part. Do any other women feel this way? (Actually, I am already COMPLETELY certain that many, many other women don't enjoy hanging out with other women). I guess I am more asking if other women feel this way for the same reasons (or for other reasons), or if any women have managed to get over this distrust and dislike of their own gender, and actually started to like other chicks. Or if any girls know how to avoid these romantic expectations that seem to ruin any real friendship between men and women. The guys always seem to think that either I am lying, or that I am going to change my mind, when I tell them I am not looking for a sexual/romantic relationship. Then when I turn them down and they realize I am actually serious, and that I really DON'T secretly want to be their girlfriend, the relationship is ruined. If I can't be friend with women, and I can't be friends with men, WTF am I supposed to do if I want to have ANY friends outside of my S.O.?  I am LONELY, and like I said, only befriending gay men is obviously not the solution either. Any experience with this? Wisdom,  advice, or solutions?