[Link here](http://thinkprogress.org/justice/2014/05/26/3441640/california-man-allegedly-fired-at-girls-for-refusing-to-have-sex/)

When I read something like this or the Santa Barbara shooting or other anti-women crimes (other shootings [here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marc_L%C3%A9pine) and [here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_Collier_Township_shooting)) I am aware of a few societal factors that most likely bolstered the likelihood of these events.

-Women are viewed as this unrelatable other. The "whole men are from mars, women are from venus" shtick is insidiously pervasive in society. Rather than looking at a woman and thinking "She is a person, let's interact with her like she's a person," it's "She is a woman, she is different. Let's interact with her like she's different." 

-Since the woman is less of a person in their eyes, some men put women on a pedestal as some sex trophy to be won. Basically, the woman's capacity to be a person, to have complex emotions, motivations and intelligence are ignored. This is pervasive in much of society (movies, TV, video games, campus culture, marketing...Reddit's front page). Women are presented not as people but as objectives.

-The most illegal thing I've done is shoplifting from Wal-Mart but despite lacking the experience, I'm guessing it's much easier to commit fatal crimes against those you don't value as people. 

I guess the point I'm trying to make is that there is conditioning from the very beginning to see females as completely different, and while it definitely does not always lead up to more extreme misogynistic attitudes like the kinds TRP espouses, it does lay a foundation. And we need to be more aware of this. Elliot Rodger undoubtedly had some sort of mental illness but I'm getting really sick of seeing that used as an excuse while his potent misogyny is disregarded. His kind of mentality comes with years and years of othering women, of viewing them as objects to be won rather than as people. He's not alone in having these kinds of attitudes. 

Most of the men I know (and love) have some of these attitudes, though to a much MUCH lesser degree. 
Guy friends complaining that a girl doesn't sexually reciprocate after being bought dinner/tickets/an iPod, guy friends saying they don't "understand women" and that "bitches are crazy" as opposed to actually listening to what their girlfriends are trying to communicate to them. These aren't huge issues, but they point to the bigger problem of women still not having the same personhood as men (yes, gasp, even in the Western world). It's a societal problem, and has a heavy influence on the perpetuation of violence against women. But for some reason there's still denial over its existence, which I find incredibly frustrating.

I know this is long and I apologize, I just wanted to rant a little and get the opinions of others on this.

Edit: I've had multiple people tell me that this is also an issue of the expectations of masculinity  (and some tell me that it's *only* that issue, and that the misogyny isn't real or something) and that this needs attention too. Which it does, but I created this thread to vent about the feelings I had in relation to my experiences as a woman. Not to say I haven't glimpsed the issues men face. I've seen my boyfriend, brothers and friends affected by them. But I don't have the personal experience or the necessary depth of knowledge to address these problems, and it wasn't what I was seeking to do anyway. I wanted to voice what my concerns were in relation to my experiences. That's what this subreddit is for.

 Additionally, I am in no way trying to detract from his mental illness. I believe that is also an important point to consider. But I don't believe it's right to say that the mental illness existed in a vacuum, and there weren't societal factors contributing to his view of women. 

Lastly, this kind of blew up (not used to this much responding to people) and I need to finish True Detective so I don't think I'll be responding anymore within the comments. But I do appreciate the efforts of anybody who contributed constructive commentary. Those of you who PM'ed me asking to see my breasts, I hope spiders get in your nose while you sleep tonight. 

Edit 2:
I've gotten so many responses saying that this is not an issue about women and that it was all on his mental illness. So let me tell you a little about how [psychology](http://chekhovsgunman.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/britta-community-basically-a-therapist.png) works. Autism is a developmental disorder. One of the functions it hinders (to varying degrees) is social abilities, yes. But it does not imbue the person with an automatic hate for women. That comes from stimuli the person absorbs from their environment, their society and their culture. What's my point? That we have detrimental views of women present in society. Which someone like Elliot Rodger absorbed and then turned into fuel for his heinous actions. Blaming his autism for his actions is not only inaccurate but also insulting to the many, many people who live with this disorder and function just fine as non-murders. 

Edit 3: 
There are also some replies saying that I basically have no right to bring this issue up because there are worse things happening in the world. Seriously? Please tell me the next time you talk about a problem that's less severe than poverty or world hunger so I can try to dismiss your opinion too.

Edit 4: You have to wonder when all the voices saying that this isn't about misogyny are male.