Long time lurker, first time poster! (And last, throwaway)

The fact that my parent's marriage was never a fairy tale was obvious to myself and siblings from the start, confirmed when we realized their wedding anniversary was less than nine months before my brother's birthday... But they made it work, for the family.

My father met my mother in college, but had been dating a woman before. We'll call her OTGA - see if you can crack the code :P

OTGA has been a constant figure in my life, a photo here, a passing reference there, but my parents have been married for 25+ years (dating for four before my mother got pregnant and he became overwhelmed with Catholic responsibility) and have overcome a lot. My father has no clue I know she is more than a fleeting memory (as he is less than subtle when "sneaking" away from family dinners to write up inappropriate emails).

Fast forward to a month ago. My dad invited us on a family trip, hooray! First coincidence, it is scheduled when my mother can't get away from work... Second coincidence, it happens to be to the city where this woman lives... 

The trip is under the guise of being a gift for my sister. I ask my dad, "why would you choose city x? Sister is intimidated by that city," (all she ever wanted was a beach and cervesa, this city is capital M Metropolitan) my dad drops casually that "he is visiting a special friend there, so he will have to leave us for a day or two... or three..." Inside I am consumed with rage, but we are at an event and that kind of drama is not my style. I play it cool, pretend not to notice anything.

I spend the next weeks wracked with guilt, realizing immediately he is using my siblings and myself only as cover for his visit to his mistress. I have a good relationship with my mom, so the lying is killing me, but the thought of hurting her by telling her is too much to bear. 

I hate being dragged into the middle, and the price of betraying my mother would cost far more than any trip, but if I dropped out my sister would know something was wrong and I don't want to be responsible for ruining her experience. Rock, meet hard place.

Fast forward to weekend after Mother's Day, I promised her a special girl's night out. She confesses that she knows the vacation is a sham, and has known since September when he first told her about his mysterious desire to visit city x and she tore him a new asshole, until he mysteriously suggests that exact city for a special family vacation. I am relieved of my guilt, and we talk at length and end in a good place together (she talks about taking him for all he is worth in a divorce, we toast :P), but I am still stuck spending two weeks on a vacation acting as an accessory to my father's infidelity doing everything I can to not let on for the sake of my sister, who would be crushed. 

Four people, one tiny apartment, and an elephant in a room for two weeks. 

Not sure if I'm looking for advice, or more of a digital shoulder to cry on. Sorry for the long post, and thanks for listening! If anyone has been in a similar experience, I would love to hear your stories.



