I recently did a little bit of digging into some of the more misogynistic subs on reddit, and came to some interesting conclusions.

I think its reasonable to assume that the majority of contributors to these subs are heterosexual men, and I can't help but feel sorry for them. I think everyone know how horrible it feels to be lonely and how toxic hate and anger can be, and these men are consumed with it. 

Can you imagine loathing roughly 50% of the population, but simultaneously being attracted to them? Hating an entire group of people so much that it leads you to say horrible hateful things, but at the same time crave their attentions, affections, sexual intimacy and more?

I find it stranger still that I am somehow able to empathise and sympathise with these men - although generally not for the reasons they seem to want it. These men hate women for a reason. Maybe not a realistic, logical or even comprehensible reason, but I'm sure that they have reasons nonetheless. 

Again I'll generalise about contributors to these subs. I suspect that many of them either feel that they have somehow been wronged by women, or they have been raised in (or exposed to) an environment in which hate for women is normal. This just makes me feel more sorrow for them. Its entirely possible that some of these men have been genuinely wronged by women, and lets face it, there are unpleasant women out there, and most of us have had to deal with one at some point. Not everyone has the benefit of having largely positive experiences with women, so its somewhat unsurprising, almost understandable that these men are angry.

I in no way condone any of the horrible things these subs say, but I'm beginning to think that they actually play a really important role in online communities such as reddit. These subs give men who are angry, a place to vent, a place to communicate and a place to feel safe. 

I want to believe that most men who participate in these subs only participate for a fairly short period of time, most likely when they are trying to work through issues that they have with a significant woman in their life. These men will eventually realise that being consumed with hate and anger is unhealthy, and will eventually walk away from such a toxic environment. The remaining few who are long term participants have probably been so damaged by negative experiences (real or perceived) relating to women that they are unable to let go of the anger and hate, and they need help, tolerance and compassion.
 
I consider myself somewhat feministic. I believe that society would be better if there was greater equality between the sexes and that people should be respected, admired and rewarded for the quality of their character, their deeds, skills, talents and abilities, and not based on gender. I'm in no way a supporter or proponent of intolerance, so please bare this in mind when you read the below.

I think its time to try a different approach to misogyny on reddit, and I think that 2X is the perfect place to start. I think that instead of fighting  misogynistic vitriol with aggression, righteousness and outrage, maybe we should try responding with compassion. So with that in mind, this is my message to any misogynist who feels the need to read this:

'I'm sorry you feel victimised. I'm sorry that you feel that you have suffered at the hands of women. I cannot imagine how difficult your experiences have been, and I am sure that you are in a great deal of pain. It is my hope that you read this message and know that not all women are horrible, in fact, I hope that eventually you come to see that the majority of women (like the majority of men) are good people, who are simply living their lives as best they can. With that in mind, I hope that you find the help that you need to overcome your hate and you pain. Until then, I hope that at the very least you will attempt to contain your hate to subs created for such discussion, instead of directing it at women who have not wronged you.'

I encourage anyone who has been the victim of misogyny on reddit to respond in a similar way where possible (threats etc should never be tolerated). Lets not give these people the satisfaction of seeing us get angry, hurt or upset, instead give them only compassion, because at the very worst it will frustrate them, and at best it will give them the opportunity to reconsider their behaviour.

What are your thoughts ladies and gentlemen? 