So I'm going to apologize first for my shitty writing and also if ya'll think this post is stupid. I have never told anybody about this so I am kind of nervous but  I guess I just need some perspective and/or some support if something similar happened to you. 

The summer I was 6 or so I went to a day camp at the recreation center in our town. I also had a dance class there at the rec center--I would attend the day camp, then go to the dance lesson--and then sometimes go back to the day camp if my parents couldn't pick me up right after dance. I (f) had a friend (f) who was a bit older than me (probably 8?) Anyway, one day I had gotten out of dance and was to go back to camp after. So I went into the bathroom to change back into my regular clothes to go back to camp that day. 

While I was in the bathroom, it turned out my friend was in there in the big stall. She invited me to change in there with her (I remember all us little girls had no trepidation about going to the bathroom together, etc. weird I know.) 

This is where my memory gets a little hazy... I spent the rest of my childhood trying to forget it due to the shame/embarrassment. I remember I was just trying to change out of my leotard into my day clothes and my friend suggested I stay naked. I didn't really know why but I did, and she took her clothes off too. I remember her saying we are going to play "mommy and daddy" and she was going to be the mommy. I was pretty clueless but I remember being pissed that I had to be the boy. But I didn't know why were naked or what was really happening... she told me that mom's and dad's have sex and that's what we were going to do. I still didn't really know what that was so I was shocked when she started rubbing her crotch on mine. I was super uncomfortable and I do remember trying to put some toilet paper in between us but she took it off and said that wasn't right. 

I can't really remember much else after that. This only happened one time and I guess I didn't really know what to make of this experience. I did feel so embarrassed and ashamed every time I thought about this but I am not sure if this counts as being molested or not? Do little girls molest other little girls? I am not sure what to think. 

TL;DR. Unwanted sexual encounter with another little girl when I was a little girl. WTF happened