A little over a month ago, I had a medical abortion.  In the days before, I searched reddit relentlessly reading people's experiences with abortions.  I can only assume a lot of people would do the same if they were in a similar situation, so I'd like to add my experience (and will attempt to limit the emotional stuff surrounding this).

April 10th I went to my appointment at Planned Parenthood for a medical abortion, which is the one where you take some pills and basically induce a miscarriage.  My mother told me I should just go to my regular gynecologist but for some reason when I realized I needed an abortion, planned parenthood was the first thing to pop into my head.  I also kind of preferred going to a place where I didn't know any of the doctors or nurses.  I was already ashamed even before I went through with it.

My visit consisted of a lot of questions about health history, emotional state, and whether anybody was abusing or pressuring me to do this.  Then there was a vaginal ultrasound which, before I was there I told myself I wanted to see it, if I was going to terminate it I could at least face it and see it before doing so.  When the time came, I told the nurse I didn't want to see or know anything.  

They gave me the first pill at the office, and while I'd held it together just find beforehand, as soon as I swallowed the pill I could not stop crying.  Everything in my life logically said there was no way I could have this baby and the best thing was to abort.  Emotionally, all I could think was I was this tiny creatures mother and I was killing it.  It's the most emotionally draining and devastating thing I've ever gone through.  There were two more pills I had to take at home the next night, and I was terrified of the pain.  Almost every story I read was about how utterly crippling the cramps were with a medical abortion.  Girls rushing to the ER, girls laying on their bathroom floor in agony for hours, etc, and I was terrified.  They told me to take ibuprofen and didn't give me anything else for pain.  

The next night I took my own regimen of Tylenol and then ibuprofen starting 45 minutes before I took the pills.  About an hour after taking the pills the cramps started, and honestly I've had worse cramps during my normal periods back when I was in high school.  For me personally, it truly was not bad.  It was mildly uncomfortable, but completely bearable.  Every 30 or so minutes I had to go to the bathroom and could feel a rush of blood and clots coming out.  The clots weren't painful in the slightest, but they were very unsettling to feel coming out.  

After a few hours the bleeding slowed and everything seemed fine.  I went to my 2 week follow up appointment and they said it looked like everything had come out and that was it.  So I went about my life.  

2 weeks after the follow up, I had a couple of days of very light spotting.  No biggie, I wore a pad for those few days because it was really barely anything.  Then one day I was getting up from my last class of the day and I felt this unmistakeable rush of blood.  I got to a bathroom ASAP and saw that the pad was completely saturated with blood and had gotten through to my pants.  I could still feel it gushing out on the toilet and it had even gotten on the floor.  Once again, I was terrified.  I cleaned up (thank god I still had a huge pad from the abortion floating around in my backpack) and went to my car and called planned parenthood.  I told the girl on the phone I was gushing blood and was there a nurse or anybody I could talk to who can tell me if I need to go to the ER or not??  She told me nobody was available, but I could leave my name and number.  I begged her to please just give me somebody who can tell me if this is normal or not, and I kid you not she started going into a whole "well, as we get older our bodies change, so your body might just be changing..." speech.  Basically they told me someone would call me back the next day, so I went right ahead and called my normal OB/gyn and they wanted to see me right away.  

It turns out, the abortion hadn't expelled the whole thing.  I still had "retained products of conception" and was still showing up positive on the pregnancy test.  I had to have a D&C, which is basically where they go in their and scrape out the whole lining of the uterus manually.  Aside from a C-section 4 years ago I've never had any type of surgery at all, and I've never been under full anesthesia before.

The surgery was yesterday, and I guess it went fine.  I had a really difficult time this week and can't even estimate how many times I broke into tears.  Every single doctor, tech, anybody kept asking the same question: when was your last period?  And I had to tell people over and over what I did.  The only reason I started to get over this is because as time passes I think about it less, not because it gets any easier to think about.  This past week I've had no choice but to face it and think of it constantly.  But anyway, the surgery was fine, it was over before I knew it, I didn't feel a thing, and I've been in no pain whatsoever since.  I regret not going to my doctor originally, but then there's a lot of things I regret.  

I knew that no matter what choice I made, whether to abort or not, I'd likely regret it.  But all I know is the choice I ended up going with.  And I can't stop thinking about if I'd chosen differently.  