Sorry, long story:

I've been dating him for 2 1/2 years, and was super excited about going to the dance. We didn't go to Homecoming this year because we knew we were going to prom. I mean, I feel like the dance itself is not that important. Why should it be a big deal to me?  But then I think about my dress, and how I get to look my best and dance and have fun. I had already bought my dress when he dropped the news.  See, he is on one of a couple of extracurricular teams that placed in state, and are going to nationals in Washington D.C.   Awesome, right? Well it was, until I found out that prom and that trip were on the same day.

But the thing is, is that the trip is optional. He is not required to go, in fact, some of the seniors on other teams aren't going because of prom.  I just feel so guilty, though, because don't want to be the thing that keeps him from enjoying this. When he told me about not coming to prom... I started sobbing right there. I don't know why I'm still so upset over it, that was over 2 months ago but every time i see a guy asking a girl to prom I just start tearing up. Because now I don't get to be with my best friend at prom, I don't get to experience being asked, it just hurts.  

We talked about it, and I told him how bad it made me feel.  He knows I was crying almost every night.  But in person, when I finally got him to sit down and talk about it, I told him how I wanted to feel important enough to him to pick me over going to his competition.  After that he got this weird look on his face.  I asked him why he looked so conflicted, and it was because he was about to break up with me because he was causing me so much pain, and felt like he couldn't make me happy anymore.  Which, he had tried to compromise by saying the whole "We can have our own prom!" line... 

My whole family is upset with him and his parents as well, because last year his parents forced him to go to another girls prom because she didn't want to be alone, even though i specifically told them that I was uncomfortable with it. If I had known her it wouldn't have bugged me so much, but I think its a huge slap in the face for them to disrespect my feelings twice now.  Once when I told them I didn't feel comfortable with that situation, and then now that my prom isn't as important as that girls.  She couldn't be alone, but its ok for me to be?

I sound so selfish when I read this back.  This is a really cool opportunity for him, going to nationals for something is awesome. And I can see how much he wants to... but cant he see how much I want to go to prom? He has an obligation to his team to compete, but I feel like he also has an obligation to me.  He has already decided, hell, he had decided even before he told me about it.  I think what really hurts the most, is that I don't think he has even said sorry about it. 

I don't know what to do about this. I just got my dress back from being altered, but I just put it in my closet and started crying.  I thought I would feel better about this by now, and I have no idea what to do.  I'm scared to tell him, because I don't want him to break up with me because he feels like he can't make me happy anymore. 

He is going to the competition, but I still feel so bitter over it.  I don't want this to ruin our relationship.  Its just prom, and that's what I keep telling myself... but apparently logic doesn't influence my emotions. 

Ladies... how do I deal with this?