Everywhere I go, it's always "You're just as bad as he is, you're a home wrecker", and honestly I want an opinion from another view.

Him and I had met on a gaming server about two years ago, we quickly became friends and started talking over skype. Over the course of about a year and a half I went through many bad relationships and he was always there to help me as a friend. After  my most recent breakup we started talking more, calling on skype. 

I met his wife,a really odd person, found out how old they actually were (20 him, 28 her) and the fact that she was pregnant. Over the course of the month him and I started getting closer and I began to see what absolute mess his marriage and life was. You see Troy(not his real name) had found Molly(also not the wife's real name) on wow when he was 17, him and her had a long distance relationship and Troy left his mother's house to escape to Molly. 

They both work at a fastfood place working a little over minimum wage. Troy works on average 35 hours a week, Molly works 15. They both live in her depressive parent's house that's covered in mold and dog crap and the overall house is toxic to their health. Troy wants to do things with his life, get out of the rut he's in, while Molly wants to stay there and let mommy take care of her every need.

When I learned all of this, I was just appalled. Their marriage was dying and they decided to have a kid. Troy has scoliosis, Troy hasn't been to the doctors in years for it but suddenly Molly decides that they can afford a kid? They were struggling to make ends meet as is. Then I got to talking to Molly about the kid and possible adoption since they both can't afford the kid and it would probably die if left in the house. She refused to adopt. The probelms kept stacking up ect. ect.

I wanted to be there for Troy, to give him support, and while giving him that support, we fell for each other. Molly still doesn't know and it's been two months now. All I want is to make Troy happy, help him learn to live life and feel freedom. I want to help his kid have a good life and not grow up in a twisted household. I honestly love Troy and would stand by him no matter what he chooses. 

Right now he wants a divorce from Molly but can't afford it and the household is becoming toxic. I paid for a plane ticket to get him out to a friends house so he has a chance to breathe for once and to clear his mind about this whole ordeal.

I don't want to be a homewrecker, I just want to help the person I love have a decent life.

Edit: I guess I forgot to mention that he told his wife that he did not want to be with her anymore about two weeks before him and I started connecting. He hasn't been able to pay for a divorce since all their money is going to pay off all the debt she racked up.