Let's talk Period business. I've been living under the red tide curse for a solid seven or eight years now. Through the highs, lows, droughts and flash floods, I have remained emotionally stable. I've never craved chocolate, never cried, never spent the day in bed watching '80's rom-coms. 

Well, I never had....before last night. My day started out like a typical Saturday. Wake up early, head into work all day... It was around 1pm when my emotions decided to reign down like the new age apocalypse right in the middle of the testosterone fest that is the break room. Stemming from some texts from my boyfriend, every sense within me was heightened, angry, frustrated and hurt. I began crying. But, not just crying - I was sobbing. Where is the freaking life boat?! Someone save me from my own tears.

A few hours later, I hadn't heard from my boyfriend much more. He was having a busy day, while I was slow at work. What happened? More tears. "Why doesn't he love me??!? Doesn't he want to talk to me?? Does he even like me anymore.... maybe he is planning on breaking up with me."

I get home from work, climb into my bed and cry until it hurts. Then I wipe my nose, and head out for a 10 mile bike jaunt around the neighborhood. Cruising past houses lit up by a busy kitchen, or men returning home from work to happy wives, I started crying again. "Will I ever have happiness like that? I just want to be a happy wife... I was a want happy... What if I never have a happy life? Am I doomed to hell forever?"

Back home. I made a stop at the grocery store and picked up a pint of Ben and Jerry's to try and soothe my hurting soul. I can't say the ribbons of fudge or marshmallowy chocolate ice cream helped at all. The taste felt raw and meaningless in my mouth. Netflix loaded up, I seduced myself with an 80's flick 'Terms of Endearment', ate my ice cream, and quickly drew bored before shutting off the computer, lights, and brain.

I think it was 2 hours of tossing and turning before I finally fell asleep. This is all mixed between tears, and tears, and more tears. I pondered the questions of: Why does my boyfriend not like me? Why am I doomed to a life of shit? and When will things ever change? None of which are questions I would ever consider in my right brain. 

I remember at one point, my boyfriend sent me a one word text. I believe it was a simple "lol"...I read it and instantly burst into tears. WHY DOESNT HE WANT TO TALK TO ME?! I let the anger surge through my veins before my exhausted eyes decided to put the phone away for the night and attempt sleep.

But here I am.... I get the drama of being on your period.

I get it, I finally get it. I get the emotional shit storm that is otherwise known as "the period". For all the years of unspent emotions - they sure are spending themselves now!