some women wear hijab to help men protect themselves
some women wear it and see it as liberation ]

i dont really fit into any of these categories. i wore hijab  because i wanted to see how my perception of myself would change when other peoples interactions with me were no longer influenced by my good looks (hair done, face kind of done, lookin all western and ishh) i had a theory that i would be able to see myself more clearly. when your a pretty girl and people obv see that your accepted into society much easier, approached more often (by girls and guys), can get farther in life with minimal effort, and handed stuff on a silver platter and can get away with much more. i despised knowing my self perception was so..wrong. i think i live more honestly now. it was also an exercise for the ego. my reasons were more spiritual and selfish in a way. guys who tell women that their fitnah and should cover themselves to protect men can go suck a fat one. tbh guys looking at me before was awesome hello everyone likes that bit of ego boost wearing tight pants that make your ass look awesome and getting positive feeback haha ;) but that was an ego trip that was more harmful, imo, than any harm done by men simply LOOKING at women. if they look, they look,i wear hijab and they still look wtf should i do about it? some next level idiots say wear niqab but thats just a unique brand of stupidity i wont get started on. they are ignorant and that type of ideology is cultural and archaic and village type ish. the quran says refers to the headscarf as "khimar" and says to adjust it so its covering your neck and bosoms, to be recognized as believing women and so that we can be more pure. i should mention there are often a bajillion interpretations of any type of islamic scripture, hadiths and quranic verses, especially interpretations of arabic words. i read this after i donned the hijab and i interpret "pure" to represent the honesty ive experienced and the peace and the clarity of thought that have come with hijab. i also need a guy who understands and appreciates the wisdom of modesty and the wisdom of living by a code, and in a way that makes sense to him, obv it would be less complicated if he was muslim but id take a spiritual guy who lives by a code and believes in one creator anyday over a blubbering fool yelling about fitnah. and technically in islam it is not forbidden by allah to marry a non-muslim man (he just doesnt comment on whether women can marry nonmuslim men who are "people of the book" aka jews and christians. and the proof against marrying a non-muslim man is weak. btw im new to reddit and i was trying to comment on a hijab/burka question, someone trying to understand it so if this ends up in the wrong place, sorry :$$$$