Just needed to write this out and share it with someone. 

I grew up in a conservative christian household and was sexually abused as a child for two years. My parents never knew and never talked to me about sex. I didn't lose my virginity until I was much older and bounced from one abusive relationship to another. Until 8 months ago, I had never had a healthy, happy relationship and had never had comfortable sex with any partner. I say comfortable because even though I had good sex a few times, I never felt comfortable in my own skin during it. I wasn't able to orgasm from intercourse and thought I was part of the group that needed clitoral stimulation for sex. My intimate partners so far have all been rather selfish. Yes, they were interested in me reaching an orgasm but that was never a priority and since it was difficult for me, I just pretended I was okay with not orgasming when I wasn't. Sex was always something shameful for me too. It was hard for me to feel good about myself after having sex, even in a long term, serious relationship. I always felt somewhat ashamed. I would find the need to shower immediately afterwards most of the time. I wanted to have great sex and really longed for it but I thought I would never be able to get there. 

I met someone a year ago. We knew each other briefly before we slept together one night. It was amazing. I thought it would be a one night stand but over the last eight months, it has developed into one of the most amazing relationships I have ever had. Who knew you could find someone you can have amazing sex with, laugh with, cry with, talk about anything under the sun with, and still be respected as an individual? I never had that. He's an amazing partner to me in every way. Not that my past relationships are a standard but I have never felt happier with someone. I have never felt more of a whole person in a relationship as I have with him. But what I want to share (and show off :)) is the sex. Oh my god, the sex! I am at my heaviest right now and it's the best sex I have ever had. I have NO trouble orgasming from penetration alone with him. I can come as quickly as within five minutes. He fulfills my needs completely. Things I never thought I'd enjoy before, I love doing with him. I hated giving blowjobs. I LOVE giving them to him. The idea of it turns me on so much and when I do it, I get surprised at how turned on I get. I never would let anyone go down on me but he makes me feel so comfortable and so amazing when he does. I can orgasm multiple times with him. Last week was six times in five hours (I was EXHAUSTED) and in just one 'session' that lasted about 50 minutes, I came three times. If a friend told me that in the past, I would wonder if that was true but oh my god, I BELIEVE now! 

I don't know what the magic combination is with this amazing man. I don't know if the sex is so good because even though I am the heaviest I have ever been, he makes me feel so comfortable. I don't know if it is because it's the first time I have felt so respected in a relationship or because he makes me laugh all the time. We can jump from talking about work, to talking about politics, to talking about sex, to talking about a tv show and throughout our conversations, I feel like I am heard. For the first time in my life, a negative conversation/interaction does not result in yelling and screaming and hitting. We don't do that. During every negative interaction, even the really negative ones, he never crosses the line. He gives me space, he takes his space, he comes back and talks to me and he makes me feel like I can say whatever is on my mind without invalidating what I am feeling even if he disagrees. Wow. I have never had that. These might be all be the norm in most people's relationship but I have never had an experience like that. I am tearing up even writing this because of how happy I feel and I can't believe I have this. 

I can't tell you how much having a positive, healthy relationship has changed me. I hope it lasts but even if it doesn't, for the first time in my life I feel like I will be okay. That there is hope. That I am not doomed for a life of horrible relationships and bad sex. It's easy to point out what a bad relationship is like. It's much harder to know and understand what a good, healthy one is like. I am so glad I have. I just needed to share this with someone. I feel like screaming it to the world. 