I'm not one of those /r/foreveralone types. I know I'm not going to be forever alone, but I also have no idea where to meet people interested in the same things that I am.

I've always been mature for my age. I'm 25, have a full time job, no kids, a vehicle, and am actually in the process of closing on a house. I'm not looking for someone to take care of me.

I'm also what people would call attractive. Probably a 7-8 on the 1-10 scale. I am taller than most women, but I've never had a problem with dating shorter guys. I work out and take care of my body and know how to dress in a flattering way.

Mainly I want to find someone who is compatible with me. Someone that I am mentally and sexually attracted to. I am very into nerdy things (conventions, anime, video games, etc), but it doesn't consume my life (I also enjoy reading, writing, and art).

I have tried dating websites, but the men I find attractive aren't into the same things that I am. The men who are into the same things that I am aren't sexually attractive to me. I feel like I'm constantly having to sacrifice one thing or another, and I don't feel like "sexual attraction" and "common interests" are all that different from anyone else's goals.

With OkCupid, I have met a few decent people. Though it seems the majority of men on there are looking more for casual sex as opposed to a relationship, something that I am *not* looking for. I want a monogamous relationship. The other handful of men tend to not have jobs or live with their parents and have no goals. I can't constantly drive someone around and baby them when I've been busting my ass since 18 to get myself a college degree, a great job, and a house. (After 2 relationships where men clearly used me for money, it's getting a bit old.)

I even tried to join Gk2Gk, since I figured a paying site would drive off people interested only in sex. Unfortunately, I don't have a high rate of matches on the site as there just aren't that many people who use it in my area, or any area to be honest. I've thought about trying Match.com, but I'm not sure if anyone would have the same interests as me.

I'm not a recluse. I do go out to conventions and talk to people, but a lot of the time (their words, not mine) I'm "intimidating." While this may be my height, I'm not sure what I can do to be more approachable. I don't really like going out to bars and drinking expensive drinks in a loud setting, so I don't really go for that.

I suppose I just need suggestions on how to go out and find someone. I feel like I would have more luck finding a living unicorn at this point.

Also the whole "Don't judge someone on looks alone! Looks fade! You're shallow!" Be honest with yourself. Do you send messages to girls on dating sites that YOU don't find attractive? I've gone on dates with people I was questionable about only to find we had no spark at all. Alternatively, I've gone on dates with gorgeous dudes only to find we have nothing to talk about. Very frustrating.