Sorry to vent here, but I'm just really down on myself right now. I'm really in need of a job change. While I'm fortunate and grateful that I have a job, I'm very unhappy and on the hunt for something new. My current job is not very challenging and doesn't pay enough for a single mom to make ends meet. 

I went for an interview today and just really screwed it up. This is the 3rd interview in about 2 months, and the 3rd that I've completely blown. I have good experience and pretty good skills (maybe just not as "refined" as some others), but I suck at interviewing. While I don't have a problem sitting down and speaking candidly about myself or my experience without being nervous, when it comes to behavioral questions, it's totally deer in the headlights. I've tried to prepare, and I think I've prepared smarter for each subsequent interview, but it's inevitable that I'm asked a question that I haven't considered and then I stumble and freeze up. It's so depressing. I know that I could do a great job for them, but I'm not able to articulate for them the reasons why or give examples to support myself, which costs me any consideration. 

I'm trying to remain positive until I hear back that I'm not being asked to return for another round of interviews; maybe there were some things that I said that really struck a chord with the interviewers. I'm just not very optimistic at this point and I'm beginning to feel like I'm going to be stuck where I am forever because I can't convince other companies that I'm the best choice for the position. This job would have been a great opportunity at an international company with great pay and awesome benefits. It's just what I need right now and I feel like I let it slip through my fingers. :(

Anyway, if anyone has advice, or just wants to commiserate, that's cool. I mostly just needed to vent. Or if anyone knows of a customer service related position (preferably supervisory) in the northern suburbs of Chicago, who wouldn't mind someone who isn't great at interviewing but would work her ass off and do a great job, let me know. :)

