Hey Twox, I've been having a bad day so I thought I'd share something I feel... mostly good about.

I have been trying to grow my hair out to donate it for wigs for cancer patients (and other treatments that can cause hair loss). I spent about five years growing out my hair. In that five years someone close to me was affected by breast cancer (she had a double mastectomy). She was my babysitter growing up but had at one time been like my big sister. When I found this out this mission became a personal one for me. I hated having hair past shoulder length, it's unwieldy and gets in the way (its windy where I live, it gets in my face and is tangled too easily).

[Here are my before and after shots](http://imgur.com/a/uaGwD) of what I went from and to. I raised 60 dollars. Unfortunately I also heartbroken to find out that it takes 4-6 donations to make a single wig.

Anyway, here is my experience, in a nutshell.

I didn't cry when I lost it. I'd heard lots of women tell me it felt wonderful and that everyone should shave their head at least once in their lifetime. It came off, it was fun. And then the self-consciousness crept in. As someone who colours their hair (I kept all of my length virgin hair, I just dyed the bangs which were too short to donate anyway) I shouldn't have been surprised that much of my identity was caught up in my hair.

I haven't had sex with my boyfriend in the two weeks since I shaved my head, every time I feel the urge to initiate I feel ugly. I know I'm not, I know I'm probably above average in attractiveness for a bald girl. People tell me I rock the look. But inside I feel so hideous and sexless. Sure it feels cool to pet and I'm getting more confident with the look as the hair grows back (I had it shaved right down to the scalp). I just can't easily get past the fact that I have no freaking hair.

When I go out and people stare I assume it's because of my hair and not because I look good. It's nice to not have guys leering at me, but it's still weird that when a cute guy is on the till at work and I know he's not thinking I'm pretty because of my hair. I feel unfeminine and awful.

And this is the best decision of my life. I feel no regret about this choice. Living like this has helped me realise how much a cancer patient has to go through. I can't imagine feeling sexless and unattractive on top of having a life-threatening illness. At least for me this was a choice. I can now properly empathise with alopecia sufferers and sympathise even more with cancer patients. This hair is doing something important. Besides, its just hair, it will grow back.