Hey TwoX, I've been a little bit frustrated lately and thought to come to you guys. 

I'm currently in school, and it's been awesome. My first year I took a course on sexuality which had a brief feminism unit that I really, really enjoyed. It felt at once empowering and devastating to examine feminist issues. Anyways, I've been much more active on that front and enjoy discussing it with my girlfriends. However, I've realized that I absolutely cannot vocalize any kind of complaint about daily sexism to my boyfriend because he thinks it's some kind of first world problem!! I am not at all preachy about it (last time it came up, I told him I wished more of the movies we watched had leading female protagonists), and I've lately realized it's better not to talk about any kind incidents that might hint at inequality, sexism, oppression, etc in daily life because of how he reacts to it, but now he likes to ask me about it just so he can "debunk" modern sexism and turn it around to tell me that because I've lived a pretty nice life it's laughable for me to try to claim that I've faced any kind of oppression. To give you a better idea, in our last argument, I told him he would probably never really understand unless he spent the day as a woman, to which he told me I've "won the lottery" as an attractive and educated woman, and if I occasionally wish I had been born otherwise, I have some kind of "messed up perspective on life."

I'm almost at my wits end. Like I said, it's not as though I go around moaning and crying about having a terrible life...because I don't. I had a great childhood and am pursuing a great education, but just like any other woman I do experience daily sexism and really hate being made to feel as though I am actually just insane/spoiled/whatever. I've tried my best to recall what we went over in that sexuality class, and usually fall back on the [caged-bird metaphor](http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Marilyn_Frye) but he just isn't having it. I honestly would prefer to just leave it alone but, like I mentioned, he has taken to trying to bring it up from time to time and it's just exhausting. He is very facts-oriented, so if any of you perhaps had some kind of literature I could direct him to, or really just general advice, that would be great. He's very intelligent and I love him for every other quality but unfortunately his father is a bit sexist and I think it's starting to show in him. 