A friend [24f] was just broken up with by her (now ex) boyfriend [24asshole]. This guy has cheated on her several times, has raged at her for hooking up with guys while they were on an agreed upon break (the break was because he cheated). 

Every time I hear them speak he is treating her like shit, and to top it all off dumped her right before he was shipped off to Korea, where he began to text her that apparently he hadn't had feelings for her for a while (like for most of their relationship...as if that weren't obvious), and that he didn't love her and never wanted to spend the rest of his life with her (she had talked often about them having kids and getting married; they had these conversations and decided together from what I could tell). I'm pretty sure he waited until he was shipped off to tell her these things because he's obviously a huge coward (this way he doesn't have to deal with the damage he caused).

She told him to never contact her again after he texted her those awful things (about never loving her, etc.) and he agreed. But then she started texting him. She apparently sent him a video of their dog (that she kept) and in her text to me about how he wasn't answering she seemed frustrated that he wasn't answering back.

Her mom is over with her right now, who she says is making everything worse. I have been texting her as well, telling her to take all the time she needs, that he was an abusive asshole and that she's better off. She says that her mom is telling her that she's naive for texting him and that she's letting people take advantage of her and apparently her mom has barely said anything to her other than that.


I have been telling her to take her time, start getting out there and doing fun stuff to keep herself distracted, repeating that he is an asshole and she deserves someone who wants the same things she wants. Which she says she can't do yet because he meant so much to her and she just can't let go. I think she's honestly waiting around for him to "change" for her. I don't really know.

I don't know what to do, twoX. I can 100% see why her mom is acting that way; her mom has had more exposure to their relationship (she says her mom never liked him) and from the little I saw he was pretty emotionally abusive. I want to be there for her, and I was honest with her and told her that she should definitely delete his number (I made sure to be super supportive of how she deleted him from facebook, so that's a good sign!), but she says that she's "just not there yet."


**tldr; friend was just broken up with by huge asshole cheating emotionally abusive boyfriend. what else can I do besides the usual "oh he was SUCH an asshole giiirll" things? We live 6 hours away from each other and I'm planning on visiting her soon, but I can't right away unfortunately.**