...and it went *okay*. Throwaway 'cause I can. I'll try and make a long story short. I'm 21 and have been sexually active on and off since 16. Been on the pill, used condoms, and recently got an IUD, so I've been protected and smart about my sexual encounters. I've had pelvic exams where they've tested for gonorrhea and chlamydia, which have come back negative every single time.

Anyways, my appointment - they did a urine test (test for pregnancy - negative! wooh!), vaginal swab, rectal swab, throat swab, and blood draw. Yup, the whole nine yards. I spoke with the first nurse about my sexual history. She asks how many partners I've had and I reply 14. Am I proud of that? Meh, kinda. A large majority of which were only one time things and never at the same time as others. I had dated the same guy all through high school and when we broke up before college, I went a little crazy with the boys during my freshman and sophomore years. At the end of our conversation, she hands me a pamphlet on abstinence. She showed me a chart heavy on "if you've slept with X amount of people, you've slept with everyone they've slept with." Chart showed that if you've slept with 12 different partners, you've actually slept with more than 4,000 people. She's like "yup, and you're off the chart." Despite me telling her that the people I've slept with used condoms and had been tested themselves, she was pretty persistent about the whole "it only takes one time" ordeal regarding pregnancy and diseases (I'm not dumb, I know this). Not to mention that I told her that I'm in a monogamous relationship now so that number will not be getting any larger any time soon.

At any rate, I have my results appointment next week. Even though I'm well aware that some diseases show no symptoms, I am feeling A okay with zero symptoms of things that can show (HIV, etc.). Despite this, I'm a nervous wreck about getting my results back. I have a feeling that this fear was instilled by the nurse handing me the pamphlet on abstinence and maybe the concern I thought she was showing towards me was actually judgement. They had an optional survey to take at the end of the appointment and I wrote down that I wasn't sure I would recommend this place if the person going has had a lot of sexual partners.

I guess I'm just looking to get this off my chest and read stories about other peoples' experiences if any of you are willing to share. Thanks for listening/reading!