I'm soooo sorry if this is in the wrong subreddit. I searched for a long time and it just seemed appropriate here. ;( I'll try to keep it short-- I'm just sick of googling all sorts of things and thinking EVERYTHING applies to me when it probably doesn't.


I'm 26 and have been on the pill for 8 years. I've never taken a break from the pill and while I have had those rare times when I would miss a pill, I would always follow directions properly and promptly in those times.


I'm in a long distance relationship and I recently saw my boyfriend a little less than 2 weeks ago. He stayed with me for a few days and of course we had a ton of sex. Probably about twice a day for a few days. As I said I'm on the pill but we've been together for 2 years and have decided not to use condoms, however he does pull out. This is mandatory for both of us. Pills + pull out.


The first day he was here I was on the last day of my period. We had sex twice that day; I was on my last sugar pill that day and he pulled out both times. The next day we had sex in the morning and pulled out, however it seemed some semen landed across my vagina. We cleaned it up and I took my first pill of my next pack that night. We had sex several times over the course of the next few days, while taking my pill on time every day and him pulling out (and almost having a hard time orgasming since we've been having so much sex).


Fast forward to now and I'm having period like symptoms in the middle of this pack of pills (not supposed to get my period for another 2 weeks). I spotted a light brown yesterday-- sorry graphic!-- and what seemed to be a little bit of a yeasty infection type stuff along with it. This only lasted a few trips to the bathroom before everything seemed normal again. I don't have cramps (I never get them) and my breasts feel normal, but I have that weird type of 'down there' heavy feeling like I'm about to get my period or something.


I was wondering, given with the timing and our methods, and what I'm describing just how likely this all is? Maybe semen entered me during the last day of the sugar pills or the first day of the new pack. It's apparently far too early to take a pregnancy test. I won't even know if I have a missed period for another 2 weeks.  :( Just looking for some support, advice, insight, anything. I hate reading stories on the internet and thinking it all applies to me too! I don't want to sit here over worrying everything.


Thanks so much for any words at all. :)