Throwaway because SO is a redditor.

Hi TwoX, sorry for this wall of text and any errors due to being on mobile but I just need some help. A couple days ago, I was looking on my bf's computer and noticed his Facebook was up. I looked to see who he was recently chatting with and saw a girl's name I had not heard him mention before. Their chat was full of sexually explicit things (sexual talk, telling each other how good the other one looked, all that fun shit). I was immediately in shock mode and all of these scenarios ran through my mind. When he got home, I confronted him. He sat me down and told me that this was a girl he had met online when he was 18 (he's 26), never in person, and was never intending to meet her. He said it was a moment of nostalgia and a narcissistic need to build up his low self esteem, that it was nice to feel that someone else found him attractive. It was not an ongoing online relationship and had only happened that night. He also said that, after immediately typing all of that out to her, he felt horrible and guilty and was intending to never talk to her again. He realized that he's not an 18 year old guy anymore and actually has someone who truly cares about him. He was upfront about everything, answered all my questions, never pushed blame solely on her or turned it around on me, assured me that he had never physically cheated on me or spoke with other girls online like this, and blocked her on everything. He kept telling me that I'm the one he wants to spend the rest of his life with, that I'm perfect, I'm "it" for him, and he's going to do whatever it takes to build my trust back up. It seems like he truly feels awful and terrified that he's on the verge of losing me.
I know this would not be considered by some to be cheating and is not as terrible as many of the stories on this sub, but it still feels like betrayal. This is exacerbated by the fact that he knew I had been cheated on before and that I struggle with self esteem and trust issues. I had completely trusted him and he's been nothing but amazing. He does everything for my daughter and I, we have an active sex life, has been supportive of me through everything and every day has always made me feel loved and beautiful. This is the man I want to share my life with, we have a home together, and the thought of not having him seems worse than this. Yet there's still something in the back of my mind telling me that if he truly loved me he wouldn't have hurt me like this, that I don't deserve this and deserve someone who would not even think about doing this to me. I'm still hurt and having a hard time coping. Even though I've been going back and forth, I think ultimately want to fix this and not throw away what we have. I guess what I want from this community are similar stories, advice, and people to tell me how I can move on from this and fix our relationship. 