Hi Reddit,

I'm not quite sure why I'm posting here other than that I am feeling lost and would like some other perspectives. So I guess I will start at the beginning.

I started menstruating when I was 11 and my periods were always heavy and painful but nothing that caused me much alarm. However between the ages of 16-19 I started getting stabbing shooting pain that would jolt me in shock at the beginning of my periods. The pain would feel like it was in my ass and vagina and was the most painful thing that I had ever experienced. I would sit and cry and beg for the pain to be over and try not to pass out or vomit. The only thing that would help was extremely hot baths. I went to numerous doctors. I was told by the first that it was just normal period pain. I was told by the second, (who gave me an ultrasound on my 21st birthday because of the pain) that he's seen it a million times and it's just because I have a small cervix. (So then why wouldn't I be having the pain since I first started menstruating?) And was told by the third that they just don't know but they are prescribing me an anti-inflammatory for people who have arthritis. After taking the medication, I felt like my life changed, I stopped getting the stabbing pain as much and it eventually seemed to fade in the last few years to the point where my periods have become pretty much normal.

However, I have been getting really bad sporadic lower back pain that shoots to the front of my abdomen and takes my breath away/makes me naseaus/ keeps me from being able to do things. So, I went to a new gyno who is really good and teaches at a university so she is very up to date on everything. She tested me for std's/cultures/pap/sonogram. Everything came back negetive but my sono showed that my IUD had dislodged and was starting to embed in my cervix.

Last week, I had my IUD ripped out and a new one put it. The pain was bad but whatever, I love my IUD. The problem is that I ever since I had a UTI/Kidney infection two months ago, I've been having pain near my left ovary. When the UTI pain was really bad it was almost like I could feel something moving there. I was tested for kidney stones/pregnancy and it all came back negative. No one seems concerend about it but it's only getting worse and has gotten worse since getting my IUD changed. The pain feels like dull pressure, and then stabbing horrible pain on my lower left side. I've been taking Ibprofen 800's for the IUD/period cramps and it numbs that fine but the lower left side pain is still present and gets worse when I walk. It brings me to tears.

I had a sonogram last week. If it were cysts wouldn't that have shown up? Why doesn't anyone take this pain seriously? I know this is a lot of jumbled information but I just feel lost.

I have an appointment tomorrow with a nurse practitioner since my gyno isn't in.