Edit #2: THANK YOU all for your insight--apparently my relationship with mom isn't abnormal. I admit I'm relieved, and I feel better reading the stories of everyone here. Some of the things you guys said happened exactly the same between my mom and I--so much that I wondered, "Are you me?!" So thank you. And I appreciate that my post wasn't downvoted into oblivion like it was headed towards at first. I'm very happy so many people decided to respond and share their stories instead. THANK YOU!

--------------------------------------------------

This is something I think about now and then. I began considering this as a teenager and now that I am nearly 34, this is popping into mind more and more. 

I love my mom. She was a good mother when I was growing up. She wasn't perfect but she is only human and I acknowledged that. She wasn't an addict, nor was she abusive, nor neglectful. She can be very funny and she laughs easily. She loves animals (as do I) and is great with them. 

But I've always felt a disconnect between us. As I grew older, I noticed how some of my gal pals would hang out with their mothers, or go shopping. These days, many of my female friends my age hang out with their mothers when they can, which I notice thanks to social media. I'm very happy for them but seeing this also makes me wistful.

Outside of animal-related activities (like horseback riding lessons together), my mom and I didn't hang out when I was growing up. We went shopping a couple times and while it was fun, it also felt forced to me. These days, my husband and I visit my now-retired parents a handful of times a year (they live about an hour away from us). I enjoy the visits but they are also stressful because I feel like I need to adapt to my parents' expectations of me each time. Yes, even at nearly-34.

As my parents grow older,  however, I find myself wishing that the disconnect between my mom and I wasn't there (there is no disconnect between my dad and I). I've tried to chat with her like I would my friends (but on a more PG-13 scale) and she will usually end up disagreeing with me on one topic or the other, then taking it personally when I state why I feel differently about this topic. It doesn't matter how gentle I am in my approach--she claims I've "hurt" her so I just back away and give up. 

As a result my encounters with her feel kind of hollow and  many times I don't know what to say to her. We can only discuss our cats so often! A major thing I wish she would tell me more about are her parents and any family history she knows, so occasionally I will ask her about these topics over email which gives her time to respond at her leisure. But that's the closest we get.

Is it truly the norm to be such good friends with your mother, as it seems from what I've seen with my friends?

Edit #1: Not sure why I'm getting so many downvotes. Really? I thought twox was open-minded :/ If this isn't the suitable sub for such a question then please redirect me to an appropriate one. 

