As a female only child, I was expected to do certain chores around the house growing up.  I did the laundry, put away the groceries, and some other odds and ends.  My father did everything outside.

He was not the best father and never bothered to teach me things like how to throw a football or fish.  And he certainly never let me near any of his tools aka man toys.  So I never once mowed the lawn or trimmed the hedges.  The thing is I'm not at all a girly girl and I would have loved to do that stuff.

My father passed away last November.  I'm absolutely fine with that since we had a terrible relationship.  Life is actually better now for both me and my mother.

The only issue is, now there's no one to take care of things outside the house.  He bought a brand new push lawn mower last year.  Used it exactly once and just left it in the garage.

My mom was ready to call up and get a landscaper to take care of the lawn.  But she's on a fixed budget and there was that brand new mower in the garage.  So I thought about it and decided, what the hell, I'll do it.

So today I drove over, opened the garage and pushed the mower over to the lawn.  I tried the push button, nothing.  I tried the pull cord, nothing.  It would sound like it was about to start and then just die.  A quick check and I realized it needed gas.  Ok, that's easy.  Came back and started trying to start the damn thing again.  Nothing.  It sounded like a car with a nearly dead battery.  It would try to start, then just die.

Of course the man didn't keep the manual.  I'm on my phone trying to google how to start a mower.  I felt like the stereotypical helpless female.  I HATE that feeling.  I'm far to independent to fail at something as simple as mowing the lawn.  

My mom is standing in the door telling me to go to one of the male neighbors and ask for help.  UGH!!  NO!!!  I was determined to do it myself.  I had gone inside to help her with something, and cool down a bit.  When I went back outside I jokingly said, "say a prayer".  We are the least religious people around.

I walked over to the mower and tried to start it and again the fucking thing would just not start.  I was literally ready to give up.  She's standing in the front door laughing at my frustration.  Finally I pushed the start button one more time.  HALLELUJAH!!  The damn thing started and stayed started!

So I managed to mow the lawn, or the weeds really, on my own for the first time in my 40 years.  It was one of the most satisfying things I've ever done.  Was so inspired that I went home, grabbed the cordless drill and hung a new window shade.  

Now to learn how to tile a floor.  That will be my next victory.

TL;DR I mowed the lawn for the first time in my life.