Let me introduce myself. I'm Dani. I'm a high schooler, and I'm being taught how to speak Chinese by a woman who doesn't respect me, or maybe she thinks she does and has an odd way of showing it.  

https://31.media.tumblr.com/941840d048bbe4b1e0e822a49e832a98/tumblr_inline_n4xp6gIMly1qjlkcq.jpg

See this dress I’m wearing? Apparently, I’m not allowed to wear it anymore because it’s offensive and disrespectful to my teacher. This is my favorite dress. My sister gave it to me, and she has a similar one in blue. I feel pretty in it. I’m in Student Government for Christ’s sake, so it’s not like I don’t know what our dress code is. Our principal has told me he liked the zombie unicorns on it. 

I had to stay in after class because my teacher told me that it might be “allowed on campus, but it’s not allowed in her classroom”, because it goes against Chinese culture and is disrespectful to wear it when learning the language. She makes me  wear extra layers, even in 80+ degree weather. She inspects my outfits every day now, and no one else’s.

Wanna know the real kicker? It’s because I’m a bit fuller. None of the other girls in my class are targeted by her. Only once has any other girl been told to cover up, and she was wearing an undershirt under a really cute dress. I’ve even asked her why my body offends her and why female anatomy offends her. I’ve even gone as far as to tell her that what she’s doing is unfair to me, and that I shouldn’t be punished for my body and the way clothes cover it.

She told me I look like I’m asking for something bad to happen to me if I was in China. **NO ONE EVER ASKS TO BE MOLESTED**

Now if I were honestly doing something crude or offensive, or just downright inappropriate for a school setting, I’d understand, but all I’m doing is wearing a dress with some unicorns on it. 
Tomorrow I’m going to wear this dress again and if I get in trouble for it, I’m reporting her. My parents are on my side in doing this too, and are telling me to record the conversations that may happen is she makes me stay in during break. 

Edit: Grammar