First off, I had no idea this sub existed until it became a default so excuse me if I'm not adhering to the sub's norms. If I'm not let me know and I'll make the appropriate changes.

So my sister is in 7th grade and two of her old best friends are harassing her over text, instagram, and in school. She's not ugly (far from), she's smart, and can sing well. But unlike her classmates she's a bit different since she has two older brothers (me and a 24 year old) so her personal style is a bit...different. For example, she likes music but instead of listening to Justin Bieber she listens to Jimi Hendrix and instead of singing Disney sings she sings Lauryn Hill songs; naturally this disconnect in interests makes her somewhat of an outcast.

She's been having trouble with some of the girls in her class who have been talking shit. Today she came home crying because she found out people were calling her a slut because she wore - school supplied - gym shorts to free dress Friday. On top of that they're calling her an alien because she got head shots taken for a play she was auditioning for and posted them on instagram. I also found out that one of the boys in her class punched her in the shoulder and immediately high fived one of her female bullys. Now, keep in mind, she's not fat, ugly, or dumb.

Now the problem is that there's little we can do about it. She mostly confides in my mother who helps her by crafting appropriate responses to her bullys; my father wants to take a more proactive approach and talk with her teachers but my mom won't let him in fear that it'll just make her life worse. Which it probably will.

As a guy I'm a big fan of the right jab, left hook approach but that's obviously not an appropriate answer. If this were my brother or me our reaction would be to go with the blows and display our disinterest with the situation by making an spectacle of it. Both my brother and I are incredibly weird and carefree, but this made us popular and immune to most bullying. 

I know that she looks up to me and I know she listens to what I say and how I act, but it sucks to see the things I found effective be completely ineffective for her. I (and my brother) live across the country so were hardly around her, I'll be visiting until Saturday and want to say/do something to show her how to best handle the situation. 

I don't have many ideas since I'm - very clearly - out of touch with teenage girls, which is why I'm coming here for input. 

**tl;dr:** 13 year old sister is getting bullied. Methods that worked for 2003 teenage boys do not work for 2013 teenage girls. What can I do in 1 days time?