Ive suffered from some depression and anxiety issues a lot of my life. I had a really bad period around the time I was finishing my college. I was good friends with my current boyfriend then, and we got together around the time I had finally gotten medication and started getting better. Since then Ive been recovering. No longer on medication. Still issues with depression and anxiety at times but since its not constant, or every day most doctors agree its not really an issue for them.

 I started seeing a counsellor a few weeks ago at the advise of a recent psychiatric assessment. and Ive been finding it helpful, the venting, to have my feelings acknowledged. I had seen forms of therapists all my teens but it literally took me until the the counsellor before this one in college to figure out exactly how to open up and make the most of it.

The place I'm going specialises in Systematic Psychotherapy. Which focuses a lot on relationships, family, partners, the people you interact with in your life. She's asked that my boyfriend, who I live with comes in with me. I agreed this might be good for us.

He was very reluctant to go, he's never had mental health issues, and never done anything like this. He's tried saying "I don't need to see a therapist". It took a lot of persuasion to get him to agree to go with me next week. I had to really plead, saying I needed him to do it for me. He's now reluctantly saying he'll go, but not promising results.

Im the kind of person with the mindset that anyone can benefit from counselling, no matter whats going on in their life, but Ive never done it with another person. My boyfriends been asking if I'll be in the room, if I can leave, worried about what I've said about him. I mainly just want to help him understand me better, how thing affect me. But also communicate about us and how we work together and such. 

I have no idea where to start it I want to prepare him. Or how this is going to go. 
  I'd kind of like to hear if anyone else has had a similar situation. Bringing someone else in on their therapy.  I'd post this to r/relationships but I didn't know if it would fit. Also I find their commenters to be harsher. 

Tl:dr:  My boyfriend is going to come see my counsellor with me. What can I expect. Anyone have similar experiences?




