This is a throwaway for obvious reasons. 
Also, I (21f) am going to attempt to give a solid background while trying to leave out any identifying info, so I apologize in advance for any vague statements. 

Okay, here it goes.
This all took place over the course of an entire school year in middle school. I was around the age of 12 at the time.  It started with a normal teacher/student relationship. However, he (45+m) began saying things to me both in private and in front of the entire class such as:

-"Efilym has such beautiful (insert color) hair."

-"You have pretty (insert color) eyes, efilym."

He would come up to me in the middle of class while working on projects/homework and rub my arm/back/shoulders and say things like "Thata girl." or "You are doing such a great job, efilym."

After this took place for a month or so, the harassment/stalking got progressively worse. On one occasion he used me and him having a baby together as an example in front of the entire class. He started off by saying "Well, let's say Efilym and I had a baby together..." 

On another occasion he slid his hand in the front pocket of my jeans and pulled out my lip gloss. He tried to tell me that he thought that I had a lighter in my pocket and he was trying to keep me from "picking up a bad habit." 

I had given him (as well as all of my other teachers) my school picture from that year. Idk if this was just at my school or if other schools did this too, but giving your teachers your school picture was common. He had a bulletin board in his room that he put all of his students pictures up on, except mine. My school picture was found in the drawer of his desk...with a frame of pencils laying around it.

The other kids in my school started bullying me because of this. They said horrible things to me almost on a daily basis such as

-"Is it a boy or a girl?"

-"I bet Mr. Perviwontratout likes that skirt you're wearing today."

They would also call me a slut, say that I shouldn't get so upset because I flirted with him first, etc.

I told my parents early on what was happening, and I can't thank them enough for being as supportive as they were. My parents called the school, went and talked to the administration, talked to him directly, etc. to no avail. The school district simply gave him a slap on the wrist, and left him to keep harassing me. He admitted to everything he was doing to me over the phone to my mom and said that "There's nothing you can do about it. It's my word against hers. No one will believe her over me." 

He also began failing me in his class, despite the fact that I was getting very high scores on all of my assignments/tests. He accused me of cheating on an assignment and called me alone in his office to discuss it, something that, in hindsight, I realized was very intentional. I walked into his office, and he shut the door. I was already very aware and cautious of what he had been doing to me, but when I heard the lock of the door click behind me and I realized that no one could help, little-12-year-old me immediately went into survival mode. He kept trying to coax me into the corner of the room behind his desk so I could "see the paper" that he was holding while staring at me with this look on his face that I can only describe as pure sexual desire. I kept refusing to move. Eventually, he very calmly grabbed onto my arm and attempted to pull me to him. After multiple failed attempts, I managed to break free of him and I ran out as fast as I could. 

We filed a lawsuit, which we ended up being forced to settle for some amount of money, I finished the school year at home and only returned to school for final exams, and my parents packed the family up and moved us to a different school district. 

I decided to post this because, after months of lurking, I have had a hard time finding anyone with a relatable story. I was wondering if anyone has had a similar experience?

Also, the emotional effects that this has had on me seems more relatable to those who are survivors of sexual assault/molestation/rape than those who are survivors of sexual harassment. Does anyone know why?
For example, I have occasional nightmares (which used to be nightly) and flashbacks that often leave me unable to function normally for the rest of the day/week. These nightmares sometimes even include him assaulting me. Discussion of any type of sexual harassment/assault is sometimes a trigger for me. Sometimes, if I have had a nightmare about my teacher recently, encountered a trigger, etc., I'll try to be intimate with my bf and he will look at me with desire or touch me a certain way (like he's supposed to) and I'll panic and start crying. 

I think about all of the men, women, and children who have gone through much more terrifying events, and I feel like I'm overreacting. However, this is the man that introduced me to sexuality. He's the first man that ever lusted over me and I was aware of it...at the age of 12...and he was a middle-aged man. It's all just so confusing. I don't even really know what to call it. I wasn't assaulted, but it doesn't really feel like a harassment either. I feel like my story is pretty atypical, but I could be wrong! So if anyone has any advice or has gone through a similar experience I would love to hear what you have to say!

TL;DR I was severely stalked/sexually harassed by my teacher in middle school. Wondering if my reactions are reasonable and looking for similar stories/advice on how to cope. 