**EDIT: Thanks for the thoughtful replies everyone. I won't say I'm confused as to why someone (or many) is down voting every single one of my replies, but I think it's pretty ridiculous. I thought this sub was for sharing views on subjects like this. I wasn't proving a point, or forcing my opinion down anyones throat, or even being rude or preachy, I was simply sharing my experience with the subject lately. But, whatever, continue on with the downvotes.**

Hi everyone, 

I've seen a lot of posts recently about women sharing their positive experiences with Abortions, and I wanted to share my thoughts on the other side of things. 

For as long as I can remember, in regards to Abortions, I have always been very Pro-Choice. I always believed it was a woman's right to do what she chose with her body, including terminating an unwanted pregnancy for any reason. 

However, slowly over the past few years, my views have been changing, and they honestly took me by surprise. It started with a conversation I had with an acquaintance and the subject of a mutual friend of ours wanting to get an abortion. Our mutual friend was struggling heavily with the decision (she ultimately did end up having an abortion), and the acquaintance said "Don't feel bad, I've have four!". 

Before I knew it I blurted out "You've have FOUR ABORTIONS?" and she laughed, and said "Well yeah, it's not like there's a limit". 

All I could think then was, *well, there should be*.

Now fast forward a few years, and I am in my second trimester of my pregnancy, and am over joyed, as due to health problems I never thought it would happen for me. 

So needless to say now that I am pregnant, I seem to view abortion even more different than I did a few years ago. What really changed things for me, the turning point I could say, was during my first ultrasound at 12 weeks. 

I saw this little being, kicking it's little legs around, putting it's hand in front of it's face when the ultrasound technician would tap my belly to try to get it to move position, as if it was annoyed and just wanted to keep sleeping. I couldn't believe it. I have no idea, that at 12 weeks, I would see this little thing that is growing inside of me kicking and twirling around my uterus. 

Now a days, I can't help being against late term abortions, and abortions caused by apathy and ignorance (such as the acquaintance I mentioned above, who would proudly declare she would have unprotected sex knowingly with 4 different men in one weekend, over and over again, to end up making an abortion a regular thing for her). I have a friend who had a very premature baby at 24 weeks, and is now happy and healthy, and can't imagine...*terminating* that baby, that viable little being. 

I feel like I am still Pro-Choice, but apparently only within restrictions I form in my head, such as rape, age, etc., and feel like a hypocrite of my former self. I'm sure those of you reading will also think I am a hypocrite, but I just wanted to share my thoughts on the other side of the fence. 

I despise those who picket local abortion clinics with signs telling these women they're going to hell, that they are murderers, and would never in a million years protest an opening of these clinics or stand in the way of a woman wanting one. But with that being said, when I know a baby can survive at 24 weeks, and some abortions are still legal until what, 26 weeks, I refuse to believe that someone can say it's not a real baby yet. Regardless if it's legal or not, having an abortion at a late stage, is killing the baby. I don't mean that in a judgmental way, or a YOU'RE A MURDERER way, I simply am stating that the procedure is killing a baby. I mean, is that wrong, isn't that technically exactly what it is? 

Am I still Pro-Choice? Am I a hypocrite? Maybe it's all my baby brain. I don't know. 

Has anyone else had their views shift on the subject, to either side?

Thanks for reading everyone, but please remember especially with this subject matter, it isn't black or white, and I am just sharing my thoughts on how I've been feeling lately. 

