Hi everyone! I come here seeking your advice on what you do when that annoying inner voice starts fighting against you when in the process of making a big decision.

I'm going to give you a little context on what's happening right now. I recently applied for an illustration workshop located in Bali, and got accepted!! It's going to be a 5-day workshop with artists that I only ever dreamt of meeting. They're just. SO KICKASS. Here's the link in case you're curious. http://baliillustrationworkshop.com/

This is the part where the second-guessing comes in. I live in Costa Rica. Right now I work three jobs, one as a graphic designer and two others as a teacher at two different institutions. All combined my monthly salary doesn't exceed $1500. I'm 24. I don't have children or any other financial liabilities other than helping with the food and rent for my family.

I have never attended art school, and where I live there just aren't these types of art workshops. Everything I have learned, I've learned online. But something feels odd about travelling to the OTHER side of the world for an art class. I almost... feel guilty that I'm chasing a dream all the way over there. Something inside me is telling me this is stupid, and that I should stick around for my family. That I could use that money to pay for a post-degree in computer science or whatever shit.

I have never been able to do what I want. I have been working since I have memory, awful jobs cleaning tables, call centers. I studied computer science because I wanted to make my family proud and wanted to ensure a career that would feed me and them in the future. I have always loved drawing and it is through it that I haven't lost touch with the passions that keep me going day to day. I made some decisions which landed me in graphic design, and I'm happy, but I'd love to be a full time illustrator.

I feel this is the first step I'm taking toward realizing a goal that was nothing but a dream. Maybe it's just one other workshop but it means so much to me. I want to meet all the artists who will be teachers there and I want them to remember me.

But this is totally something new for me so I'm scared. I feel irresponsible and guilty. I want to stop hearing that voice that's trying to stop me. Girls, what do I do?

P.S. This isn't a shameless plug. Just want to share my drawings with you all so you can see what I draw when I'm able to squeeze time from my hectic, ultra-busy routine. http://steftastan.tumblr.com/

I really, really needed to vent. Thanks to anyone who reads this!!