TL;DR (apologies for the novel. I had to write.) I found out Bf of 2 yrs had another gf, cheated with (at least) one other girl too, does meth, and is incredibly good at manipulating me.

I just need to get this off my chest. Like the title says, I have ended things with him. This time really for good. I have tried to end things twice before...and got sucked back into the vortex of his manipulations, emotional abuse, and annoyingly great sex. I am feeling really emotional and sad about it because I tried SO HARD to help him, but I know no one can help him but himself. He is a good man and has so much potential. But he has been buried under combined deep depression and serious OCD...basically since I met him and his life fell apart. I met him at such an unfortunate time. It took me far too long to realize how unavailable he was most of the time. Just kind of checked out, or angry.

The straw that broke the camels back was back in November when I found out that not only had he cheated on me with at least one random girl, but he had another girlfriend too. I found out because I had known about her the whole time, but he had lied to me and convincingly told me she was his ex. I actually emailed her almost a year previously telling her about me and him and my suspicions, and when she never wrote back, I asked him about it and he made up some kind of excuse about her not wanting to talk to me.
Anyway, in November when I was with him on a road trip, I drunkenly texted her (got her number from his phone) a picture of us kissing, and because he had me convinced she was a jealous ex who still wanted to be with him, a mean note. I felt bad about it in the morning and texted her an apology, to which I got a phone call reply. Her first question was "Who ARE you??"... And that's when my stomach dropped through my feet and my heart started pounding in my ears. She had NO IDEA who I was. She didn't know I existed.
We talked on the phone for at least an hour (he was asleep still and I went outside to take the call), and basically her side of it was that they had been together for almost 3 years but things had been increasingly rocky and she had tried to break up with him many times. I had been dating him for the latter 2 years basically. SO MANY THINGS suddenly clicked into place...that "friend" he'd go stay with in the city when he had "work" for the week or the weekend? Her. Keeping his phone and computer with him at all times and never letting me see his Facebook or email. Never posting pics or statuses about us on Facebook. Not answering texts or phone calls for hours or days at a time. Why he showed up hours late for thanksgiving the year before. Grosser realizations like why I kept getting BV, and we had sex in the same unwashed bedding. Etc etc.

I felt really bad for her. At least I had my suspicions and knew about her. She was completely clueless and thought they were in a rocky but exclusive relationship. She had the same realizations - about the phone being off and not responding to texts; him disappearing for days and weeks at a time; BV infections. She almost couldn't believe me and burst into tears when I said I’d go wake him and she realized I was on a trip with him. I woke him up and held the phone out to him. He saw the number and hung it up. I told him I knew everything, that I had just talked to her for an hour. We talked, he was angry, he calmed down, he cried - I just felt completely numb.

Since we were in the middle of Texas on our way to California, I knew I either had to somehow scrape together money for a ticket home, or ride with him and talk it out over the next few days. I wish I had been able to just break things off with him then and there, but I didn't have much of a choice. I was broke so the decision was pretty much made.

Driving together for 12 hrs a day and staying in the same hotel room each night meant a lot of talking. I got a lot out of him. He admitted to fucking another girl right after a festival we had both been to (he told me he loved me for the first time at that festival), and then again when he went to her town to work another event a month or two later. Again, this was a woman I knew about and had suspicions about, but he convinced me she was just a friend. While on the road, I contacted her on facebook. she had no idea about me either and was convinced she had a special thing with him.

Another HUGE blow was, on the second day of driving after this blew up, he admitted to me that he was an active meth user. I was blown away and immediately more dots were connected - his irrational outbursts, his inability to sleep sometimes for days, disappearing by himself when we were out together and coming back with more energy than when he left, his weird on and off again sex drive. He said he used when he was really depressed so he could be productive and feel better, and had been using on and off for four years. I can still hardly believe I never saw it.

Needless to say, that trip was long and painful. But, after talking for so long on the road, and giving him a few weeks to grovel and apologize and profess his love for me, I fell back into it with him. I was tentative, and was very clear with him that he had broken every shred of trust I ever had with him and I was taking it slow. He was soooo smooth and knew just how to get me back, knew the right things to say and how to say them...

Then, I caught him in another lie at the end of January - I was checking his text messages (something I have never done before with any bf, wtf), and saw some flirty messages and confronted him. He got pissed that I was looking through his phone and vehemently denied there was something going on, made up a story about how she was the married lady next door to the house he was working on and she had a harmless crush on him. Of course I didn't believe him so I took the number and texted it myself. It was a woman he had met on okcupid and gone on a date with literally a few days before. I confronted him again and told him I was done.
Then, he flipped his shit.

That night, he broke into my house through the unlocked kitchen window, stole food out if my fridge and left me terrified. Then, he started threatening me, sending me horrible text messages (I counted one night - he sent me over 90 messages in one afternoon/evening). This went on for 2 days and I was terrified every night that he would break in and every day that he would fuck with my stuff (steal or break things). Finally, I was able to talk to him face to face and make him stop and leave my town. Two weeks later (and tons of long messages from him constantly), he started to get to me again.

Now, the reason I kept in contact was because I was scared he would do something to harm himself. I cared about him a lot (still do), and want him to do well. I was scared and wanted to be there for him. That was my mistake because he sucked me right back in. I was even more trepidatious than before, but I allowed myself to believe him when he said he was sorry and he was doing things right now. We have been slowly working things out and it's been getting better and better, until two weekends ago when we went out to a big weekend party with all my good friends. A lot of them knew him but only a few knew what I have been through with him. It was kind of a test. I wanted to see if he could have a good time and be relaxed and happy and get along with everyone.

He didn't. I mean, mostly he did, but afterward I got a lot of confused feedback from my friends as to why he was so angry and aggressive. I took that feedback, and the comments from my friends who knew the story, to end it for good and proper. No contact. No allowing him to slip into my life and suck me down again.
I am young and have a lot going for me. He needs psychiatric help, a steady job, and a real home. I REALLY hope he gets all that, but unfortunately I can’t wait around to see it. He was a ball and chain I am sad but relieved to be rid of.
(that was long but it felt really good to write. If you made it all the way through thank you for reading.)

EDIT -- I just blocked him on facebook and email. That was surprisingly difficult. The emotion that is bubbling up inside me now is mixture of anxiety and grief. I know that no contact is the only way to be able to move on though. Thank you for your support and kind words, TwoX. 

