I have a mole on my face that is a birthmark, it is not cancerous or shiny/bumpy. It is matte black and I always pluck any hairs that grow near it.  I have had it since birth obviously. I was a shy kid and a lot of people when I was in elementary school used to ask "what is that" which made me develop a self conscious feeling about it. I feel so uncomfortable knowing that there's people out there, that don't know me that well and have to refer to me in conversation, say "that person with the mole." There's just this general idea that moles are unattractive, and even if they are on an attractive person, they are just always brought up in conversation. I'm a shy person and I don't like the idea of having a feature that makes me easily distinguishable from other people. 

I feel as though people see it before they see my face, and that it's gaudy and makes me look old and gross. When I was 15 my parents let me go to the doctor to ask about the removal process. He said it would scar really badly and my parents told me to keep it because of that. Now 5 years later I go to the same family doctor by myself and ask about it again. He says that he can't do removal because it's extra risk for him or something, and was going to recommend me to a surgeon that would charge $300. He also said that the scar would be "ugly" and possibly a "keloid." He made the surgery sound very gruesome like they would cut it and sew it back together. I don't know what's behind his motivation to make the process and recovery sound so damn bad. 

I feel like there are other doctors who could do it for less and who would be more helpful, but there aren't many specialists around here who will take you without a referral. 

Is this procedure really as bad as my doctor describes it, or is it more simple and can heal nicely? I have a few cartilage ear piercings that never got scars, and any cuts I've had never left scars either so I feel like I'm not prone. I haven't had major surgery though. I wouldn't mind a flat scar because I can cover it with makeup. The doctor acts like this huge inch tall keloid is GOING to form.

I thought about whether I still want to or not, and I realized that this hasn't really stopped me from doing anything, I have had a lot of success at getting jobs that I want and I have a long term boyfriend. But I am always scared to meet new people that I have to impress because I feel like they're looking at this mole.. 

I have only asked my mom and best friend about this because it's embarassing to talk about extensively and I don't want people to lie and say it's okay, or tell me that it's huge and distracting to my face. That's why I would really appreciate your two cents. Don't be afraid to tell the truth! Is it the first thing you see? Does it distract from me? When you see me, do you instantly think "girl with a mole?"

Without makeup: [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/Gt5wbm3)
Everyday: [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/H97cm70)
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/SUlrJMf)
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/SWGQRC5)
If someone has the misfortune of looking at me from below: [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/cIwxPqU)

Thanks so much. <3
