So when this incidence happened, I was a freshman in college coming home for winter break.  I was at work when a former coworker came in, and we got to talking and he invited me to hang with him and three or four other mutual friends that we shared.  I accepted, and was expecting to catch a movie with him and three other girlfriends of mine.  He texted me later that night and said that none of them could come, so I suggested that we go to a house party that was going on instead.  *I found out later that he actually already knew none of them would be able at the time that he invited me to hang out with all of them...the first thing that pissed me off about that night.*

This is where the trouble began.  Let me preface this by stating that we previously had a strictly friend based relationship- I never so much as flirted with the guy, and never indicated I was looking for anything sexual.  So we go to the party together and because I knew and trusted everyone there, I got shitfaced.  I hadn't been that drunk all year, and ended up puking into the toilet and unknown amount of times.  I remeber him looking in once or twice while I was puking and asking if I was okay, but that was about it.  Next thing I know I've somehow made it to a bedroom (I believe he carried me) and we are lying in bed together.  I was feeling incredibly dizzy and ill, so I didn't mind this.  I finally get to bed, and wake up to him feeling me up/kissing me.  This is not okay. I was asleep, and had given no indications that I wanted anything sexual from him previously.  However- I get turned on.  I consider myself a very sexual person, especially when drunk.  I admit that when he first started feeling me up I was very confused as to what was happening, but after a while I was participating in the acts.  To further complicate things, I never said no or asked him to stop, and willingly gave him a blowjob.  I am so confused as to whether I can even feel upset over this.  I never want to be the girl that gets drunk and sleeps with someone, and then regrets it the next morning and blames the other person.  To be fair, he had been drinking as well (but was no where near as drunk). 

I just want to hear others input on this.  Should I be upset about it?  I feel unjustified due to the fact I never actually asked him to stop and he could have interpreted my involvement as everything being a-okay.  But at the same time, he knew I was far more intoxicated than him and never asked it it was okay. Please give me your opinions, I just want this off my chest and hear what others think about it because I have received mixed comments from a few friends.  
