Hopefully this is the only feminist piece I will ever write in my life. My main interests are bio, hiking, and fun so feminism is generally pretty far away from where my mind lies. I had never experienced any form of sexual harassment until 8 months ago, but suddenly it seems to be everywhere. What changed? Sure, I’ve been traveling a lot, but I’ve been traveling before. Is it just that I’m older so creepers think it’s now socially acceptable to hit on me?

Here are some beautiful, well-thought-out letters to the men who have been creepers towards me:

Dear the mf**king bastard who physically harassed me on the trolley in Istanbul,
I didn’t move away from you when you were standing so close to me because all my energy was focused on how I would punch you if you touched me again. I wasn’t completely sure that you had pinched me and, having never had anything like that happen before, I didn’t want to move because “nothing has actually happened, right?” But when the train cleared out and you didn’t move away, that’s when you showed your true colors. Too bad I didn’t realize that your presence was the sexual harassment. You suck.
	
Dear dude at the airport that followed me to my terminal, 
I was really upset that I had to pay the baggage fee because my bag was overweight. My problem is that my mother won’t let me out of the house unless I have everything I could ever possibly need ever. So remarking about how you understand my situation because “women need more stuff” just makes you an idiot. Telling me how you noticed me because I was “so pretty, so beautiful” also just makes you an idiot. You suck.

Dear creepy guard dude who I need to talk to to get inside this building,
You should have noticed a couple months ago my complete lack of response to you calling me “precious” and “beautiful”. I am not an all-powerful ring of doom and I am smart enough not to take those words as compliments. The Nazi tattoo on your hand also makes you a shitfaced insensitive person. I am only nice and polite and talk to you because I need to get to the room I’m staying in and I am afraid of what might happen if you realized how much I hate your guts. You suck.

Dear the men that try to provoke me when I am running, walking, or existing in the park,
Really? Really? What do you think you are going to get out of going “tssst tssst” at me? Or saying “Hola/Hello” for that matter? Given the noise you make, I have decided that you are all a bunch of cockroaches that aren’t worth my effort to try to step on. You suck.

Dear the egotistical bastard who tried to put his finger up my asshole and brush his hand against my v-jj when I was wearing makeup to go to an interview,
You should have no self-respect at all. Wearing make-up does not make me a slut, a piece of ass, or anything for your amusement. I’m happy I didn’t let you ruin my day. You suck.

On a more serious note, I would like to comment on how these varying degrees of harassment have changed my perception of others. I am less likely to trust men in general and am sadly reduced to evaluating men walking past me on the street to see if they present a threat. The last thing I want to do is to reduce someone to their gender, but it is a method of self-protection. I feel weaker because of these judgements and lie to myself by saying that a truly strong person would not judge a person based off of experiences with other people. But then I remember that a wise person would use his or her past experiences in order to evaluate the present ones. So if you are a man walking past me on the street and I choose to move to the other side of the street because I judge you a threat, please forgive me. I just don’t want to have my day ruined again.

Cheers!
D.
