The internet is full of rants like this. I hope you forgive me for posting it anyway. My mother is coming to see me (we haven't seen each other for a long time) and I am getting a mild panic attack.  There is no one I can talk to about this and I really need to get this off my chest. 

I'm in my early 20s, but I feel like I am 70. There are days when I can barely manage to drag myself out of bed, because I am exhausted. My periods are a mess. I'm deficient in nutrients. My hair has fallen out. My teeth are covered in stomach acid burns. 

For the past 12 years, I've been chasing what our society calls “the perfect female body”. I received excellent instructions in this deadly game from my mother, who never hesitated to explain to me in great detail how hard life is for a fat woman in our society. Food was about humiliation and shame, every meal, every day, every week. I will never forget how once, when at a relative's house, I asked permission to have one more serving of chicken, she looked at me with a face of utter disgust and told me that I've had more than enough. 

 At age 10 we were counting calories together, drinking protein shakes and exercising every day. Then on the weekends she would get a fit of guilt and bake huge amounts of sweets and cakes and, I, of course would gobble them up. 
By high school, I was obese by all standards. The school nurse and doctor would routinely sigh when looking at my charts and give me weight loss pamplets. At home, whenever I bloated out of yet another dress size, my mother would scream, force me to take off my clothes and exercise while she supervised me. 

Fast forward a few years and I discovered bingeing and purging. For the first time in years, my weight plumetted. My mother was elated. Doctors applauded me for finally being a normal size. I smiled and nodded, thinking to myself “If only all of you knew, how I got here”.
But along with the weight, I lost my mental health. I was always paranoid of blocking the sink or clogging the drains. Once, after being forced to eat dinner, I took a walk outside and purged in the snow, hoping that no one would hear me.   My hair fell out and I would spend sleepless nights staring at the ceiling, because my chest hurt from vomiting. I had no energy to focus on my school work and nearly failed high school. On the day of my graduation, I was too weak and ashamed to get out of bed. So my mother bought me cake, which I ate and purged alone. 

I clung to the hope that things would get better once I go to college, but the constant threat of becoming fat did not go away. Before leaving me at my dorm, my mother bought me a scale and told me not to gain weight. I did anyway. The academic stress and pressure caused my to gain a dress size. My mother pursed her lips when I came home for Christmas break and told me, “You were so thin when you graduated high school.” If only she knew what losing that weight had cost me. 

I returned to college for my sophomore year and began exercising multiple times a day and eating as little as I could get by on. At nights, when the cravings kicked in, I ran to ACME and binged on unspeakable amounts of food. I knew by heart all of the secluded bathrooms in the school buildings where no one would hear me binge. By now, spells of dizziness and entire days spent in bed exhausted from exercise where the norm. I began skipping classes to binge and purge. Along with all this madness, came an endless cycle of stress injuries from sports. But I just couldn't stay away from the college gym, where girls with perfect bodies and smiling boyfriends ran on the treadmill while watching the Barefoot Contessa stir chocolate sauce on the Food Network (another masochistic perversion). Again, my mother carted me to one doctor after another ( because, gasp, I would gain so much weight if I couldn't continue exercising). I was told weight loss might help. Sure, I said. Sure. 

Now, I wake up every day feeling tired. When I get up my heart races and my head feels dizzy. I spend hours at the supermarket staring at food labels. Have I been good enough to deserve this amount of calories today? Should I? Should I not? I don't have many friends, because friends mean eating out and I can't do that. I sometimes find blood clots in my spit, my teeth have dark stains and my periods are completely out of whack. Everything I eat causes digestive problems; gas, bloating, nasty burps and diarrhea. I don't want to go to the doctor's anymore, because I am not “thin enough” to have an eating disorder. I am usually told that losing weight will solve all of my problems. Indeed. 

I just wish that no little girl would have to grow up to be me; the 20 year old woman, with a frail worn-out body. But I know that's not true. One everning when I was at ACME stuffing my basket with cookies, I heard a little girl, no more than 10 or 11, walking in the aisle with her mother. She was happily rattling off the calories of every product on the shelf. “We won't eat this, because it's got X amount of calories, right mommy?” And the mother nodded. I stood in the aisle long after they left, still staring at the cookies and crying.  
