Help me explain why my boyfriend is wrong. I recently had some conversations with him that left me angry and frustrated because I can't make him understand.

1) I commented about feeling uncomfortable because a bunch of the men at sporting event were ogling me. My boyfriend asked why it bothered me. I said I felt like a piece of meat. He said, "Cry me a river." He said having too many men find me attractive and having my choice of men had to be the ultimate first world problem. I said I wanted to be respected as a person and not objectified. He said he was sorry men find me so attractive.

2) I said the men were creepy, and I don't know they won't try to take what they want. They obviously don't respect me. He asked if I had ever been sexually assaulted or raped. I said I haven't been raped, but I've been sexually assaulted many times. He said he was sorry and asked if I was comfortable talking about it. I told him about a time when I was 13 and a boy at school walked up behind me and reached around to grab my breasts. My boyfriend asked if the boy was punished, and I described the way my friends kicked and hit him and then held him down while I kicked him in the nuts. The creeper crawled away in tears while everyone mocked him. My boyfriend got visibly upset. He said two wrongs don't make a right, and I sexually assaulted the boy. He said the boy could have been permanently damaged and made infertile. He said the boy was publicly humiliated. He said my friends and I acted disproportionately. I was left speechless. I feel ashamed, but I have a right to defend myself.

3) More recently, we ran into one of my exes, and it was really awkward. I reluctantly made introductions and then hurried my boyfriend away. My boyfriend asked why I acted the way I did. I explained how the ex made me uncomfortable because when we dated, he was always touching and escalating sexual contact. Seeing the ex reminded me of the fear I felt when we dated. My boyfriend didn't say anything for a while, and then he asked, what the ex did to make me afraid? I described a time when the ex and I were at a movie. I was wearing shorts, and he kept sliding his hand along my thigh trying to reach up inside my pants. My boyfriend got all cold and silent for the rest of the evening. When I asked him about it later, he said, he'd caressed my thigh at movies and slid his hand inside my pants in other situations. I said it was different with him because I like it when he does it. He said, he never asked me if it was OK before he did it. He just made the move. He said he is no different than my ex.

Help me explain how my boyfriend is different from my ex. Help me explain how it feels to be objectified. I love my boyfriend, but he can't see how wrong he is, and that makes me love him less.
