I don't know if I should post to it because I don't want to start a witch-hunt (though OP was not involved in my anger, it was all geared towards the comments sections.)

The picture was of a young woman. An average sized young woman in a funny pose that showed that no, she is not skinny, she is not athletically built, but she is completely fine and healthy looking.

I clicked the comment section hoping to see funny cat gifs (and I did), but I was not expecting the absolutely immense amount of harassment and cyber-bullying that was happening. I hope she never sees it.

It doesn't matter what my body-type is, I got **angry**. I was so upset by the mocking of this poor girl. And anyone can say, "It's just reddit, they're arseholes don't worry over it." But the fact of the matter is that reddit is *people*. Reddit is my college professor, the waitress, my neighbors, the clerk at the grocery store. How many people go about their daily lives actually thinking this hatefully? Do people judge every man and woman they see in such harsh negatives?

I truly do not intend for this to be a drama-inducing post. I just would love a discussion to give me some insight.

Edit: Some more insight after reading through so many comments. Should we really just ignore hatred when we see it, or be forced to toughen up? Is the correct response to bullying to turn around? Now, this certainly is a large scale issue, but if each person took it on themselves to be just a little better, I think the world would be a lot nicer. But I may just live in a world of corgis and daisies.

2nd Edit: I got a great response from someone pointing out how I had compared her being "normal" against skinny/large. It really made me think. Normal was the wrong word to use, and I wouldn't want to demonize any body type. So I edited my choice of wording. I've really learned a lot through so many of the comments (sure, I got a few messages telling me, a fat dumb bitch, to cry into my tampon...) and I'll definitely be approaching reddit, and a lot of life, with a bit different of a view now.