I grew up middle class until my father died... then I finished growing up in the lower-middle class.  Luckily, my mother had a great job that opened up doors to promotions and as I went away to college, our small family was pretty financially stable.  

As a child, I saw the financial struggle my mother was in and would joke around by saying, "Someday I'll marry a doctor and never have to worry about these things."  My mother was less than pleased with that statement and continued to stress the importance of financial independence, education, and finding a good job.  

I recently graduated with my master's degree.  During that time, I starting dating my current boyfriend.  We have an awesome relationship and I could easily see us together for quite a long time.  We've lived together for a few years now and every expense has been divided 50/50.  

Well, after graduating comes job hunting and subsequent huge life decisions.  Both my boyfriend and I had been searching for jobs throughout the country.  Luckily, my boyfriend was offered an awesome job just outside of a big city that I love.  Because they wanted him to start his new job so quickly, we've been living apart for the past week or so.  I'll be heading down to our new apartment this weekend.  The distance hasn't been a big deal (although I absolutely hate having to pack everything up on my own) but as I sit here, surrounded by our boxed-up lives and cleaning supplies, I'm starting to panic.  

I haven't been financially dependent upon anyone since high school.  Except for the small amounts of help from my mother throughout my college days, I've done pretty much everything on my own.  Now, all of a sudden, I'm going to be dependent upon someone else for my finances... at least for a little while.  I've been searching and applying to jobs in our new city, but have gotten nowhere.  I have a pretty marketable degree, decent experience, and a lot of passion, but no job.  

I think the panic I feel is coming from the worry that, for some unknown reason, my boyfriend and I will break up and I will be left poor and alone.  I am also finding myself equating a paycheck with self worth and am feeling pretty down about the entire situation.  He proposed getting a joint bank account and has set up direct deposit from his job into that account, but I just don't feel right spending his money.  

If anyone has experience with this, I'd love some advice.  

