So, it’s been two weeks since TwoX became a default. We were asked to please just give it some time. The trolling will stop. The mansplaining will stop. The jerks constantly playing devil's advocate and arguing for the sake of arguing will stop. But it hasn’t.

 Yes, the mods do a very good job of removing abusive posts. But, often times it’s not quick enough. By the time these posts are removed, they’ve been seen by someone. And since this is supposed to be a safe haven for women, who are often in an emotionally vulnerable place, once the vitriol has been read, the damage cannot be undone. 

I love TwoX. In the two years since I’ve been a redditor, TwoX has been a huge support system for me. It’s a place where I can air my grievances, ask for advice, share my stories and provide support to other women who need it. It was a breath of fresh air, a break from male-central that is the rest of Reddit. 

But I just can’t do it anymore. In the two weeks since it’s become a default, I’ve gotten PMs telling me that I should stop “lying” about being raped, because “you know you liked it”. That I’m going to hell for having an abortion. That my inability to carry a child is punishment for being such a “stupid cunt.” Even after posting harmless, non-inflammatory comments. And I’m just one user. 

And to all the people bitching about having a “woman’s sub” as a default, I think you're missing something. You ask why there’s no “male equivalent” as a default? It’s because YOU DON’T NEED ONE. All of Reddit is a boy’s club. Don’t believe me? Observe the front page for a few days. Better yet, go watch /r/all. Every single day posts about blowjobs, boobs, attractive women, and being “friendzoned” make it to the front/all. Not to mention the circlejerks about false rape accusations. How often do the female equivalent of these issues get any attention (cunnilingus, naked, attractive men, being “fuck-buddy zoned”)? Rarely. At least, until TwoX became a default anyway. One post about period poops makes it to the front page and all the men lose their minds. That’s why we need this place.  

Thank you for everything TwoX. As much as I hate to do it, I think taking a break from Reddit for awhile will do me some good. Hopefully when I come back TwoX will be the awesome, supportive sub that it used to be, sans trolls.
