The last 4 days have been absolute hell. 

On Saturday: My SO and I tried to have sex twice, and our communication completely failed, leading to our only huge fight in months. There was yelling, crying, and a shit ton of distress all around.

On Sunday: My SO and I had an 8 hour drive up to a city where he had a job in framing to start on Sunday, where I go to college during the school year, and where I plan to start working ASAP. We'd had some car troubles (just some vibrations), but had them checked out by TWO mechanics, who both said they couldn't find anything wrong and sent us on our way. The vibrations started up again during the drive, about 4 hours out, and we spent four hours trying to find a mechanic, driving away from our destination in no-man's-land, WV. Nothing. We put on a spare tire. Didn't fix it. We pulled off again and decided to switch back to the regular tire. While the car was jacked, we looked underneath and saw a HUGE chunk of plastic falling off the bottom of the car, such that it would hit the ground and cause the noise we'd been hearing. We cut it off and the sound was gone. 

That Sunday night we were supposed to move in together, into a room in a townhouse that I had checked out a few weeks earlier. I had noticed the house was a little messy and dirty, but I thought it wasn't too bad; we only needed a place to stay for 3 weeks. Well we walk in and it is absolutely filthy. There's hair everywhere, there are bugs, there's dirt, people's shit is all over the bathroom. We unpack as best we can at 11 o'clock at night. 

My SO was royally ticked at me. I was supposed to look at this place and give it the okay, but I didn't look for warning signs and now we were fucked. So he didn't touch me, look at me, or talk to me all night, while 3 hours earlier we were perfectly blissful in the car.

On Monday: He gives me a kiss on the cheek before he leaves for work. Progress. I spend all day unpacking even more and 3 hours cleaning the bathroom trying to make it a livable place for us. He gets home and he's sunburned (he's working for a construction company), sweaty, and miserable. We half-heartedly hug, and I give him some food that I ordered. We shower together, and he finally touches me when we switch who is in the water. Yay. The rest of the afternoon was miserable; we tried some ice from downstairs, and I swear, I think it actually poisoned us. Our throats were irritated, we couldn't stop coughing, he even threw up. So we said fuck it, and got the hell out. We went to a nearby park and talked in the car for hours about why he'd been so cold to me. We worked through it (though he's still angry with me for betraying his trust when I gave the apartment my approval). 

We get to bed that night around midnight after cuddling (at this point we haven't had sex since Friday, while our norm is daily). He shakes me awake around 1 am (keep in mind he has to wake up at 5:30 for his job) and there's FUCKING WATER dripping out of the ceiling onto him. We hear a huge thunder blast, knocking out the electricity for a few minutes. The water is still dripping out of a bubble on the ceiling. So we move the bed, stick some towels under the leak, and get some sleep.

Today: Today was looking up. We found another room to rent (much more expensive) that we will move into tomorrow. We are staying in a hotel tonight. We also scheduled for me to meet him for food 15 minutes from now. Unfortunately, I just went outside to my car, and lo and behold, the battery is dead. My SO had turned on the lights inside the car when we were unloading on Sunday, and he had left them on. I didn't notice either for the past 2 days. So now my car is dead, the one we need alive to move our stuff out, the room I'm in is hellishly hot and filthy, I haven't felt clean in days, I'm horny out of my mind, I'm guilty as hell about all of this, and I haven't eaten anything all day because we haven't had time to go buy groceries.

So yeah. Life just won't leave me (and my SO) alone. WE ARE DOWN. WE ARE MISERABLE. STOP FUCKING US OVER, LIFE.