Link to original post:

http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/24cffp/so_my_vagina_is_trying_to_kill_me/

After receiving so much support I wanted to touch base and let everyone who cares know how I'm doing just over a week after surgery.

The hysterectomy was scheduled to last two hours, but took more than twice as long as planned and I have a 10-inch incision from hip to hip, which is going to make for some badass battle scars for sure. 

I was slated to be in the hospital for 5 days, but was discharged after two. This isn't something women my age undergo very often (fortunately) and the nursing staff and doctors were astounded at how quickly I was able to get back on feet after such an invasive procedure. This has, however, been the longest week of my life. I've been in far less pain than expected but was unprepared for how tiring this would be. I've lost 12 lbs. and have been eating as often as I'm able. Literally every extra calorie my body is taking in is being used up for healing right now. 

Unfortunately, pathology came back revealing that the surgery failed to eradicate the cancer. Despite my PET scan and MRI having been perfect, it's spread to my lymph nodes. I will require radiation to try and stop it but it's extremely dangerous to irradiate healing tissue so we have to wait. My family has decided to fly me home this week, as soon as the staples, drains, and catheter come out, so I can spend some time at home recovering with them before starting the next phase of treatment. 

On a positive note, I've been forced to spend quality time with my mother. Life often get's in the way and while I see my family several times a year, I haven't had the chance to sit with my mother and talk, cry, and just hang out as much as I have over the last few weeks. While I imagine there are thousands of things she'd rather be doing for her Mother's Day, she'll be tending to me, laughing over spilled catheter bags, how bad I need to shave my legs, and watching me roll around in bed like a pill bug instead. 

This is my life now and I'm determined to enjoy my life. Since ignoring the cancer isn't a viable option, I will do whatever I need to do to beat it or die trying. Thank you all for your love and support.

(Edit/FYI - I have always gotten a yearly Pap. The nurse who performed this one originally advised that I was not due for a Pap for another 3 years. I insisted and if it hadn't been done, my oncologist assured me that there'd been nothing they could have done for me. Cervical cancer can be slow-moving...but that's relative and also not always the case. Mine is aggressive and Paps are not fool-proof. Get one yearly...just in case!