Get ready for a REALLY long story /r/TwoXChromosomes. I think this might be novel length.

So I've been best friends with this girl since the day she was born. No joke, I don't remember a time in life where she wasn't there. We've always been close, but my mom hasn't ever liked her much. According to my mom, she's always been manipulative. Anecdotal evidence: we're about 6 years old, she takes my drawing I was really proud of, tears it up, gets mad at me for crying. I end up going and giving her a hug to get her to come back and play with me. Obviously we were kids, but this just demonstrates how it always is with her. She does something, I get mad, she gets mad at me for being mad, I apologize.

We attended the same middle school (6th-8th grade), and our relationship completely deteriorated. I know middle school is just a bad time in general, but this was horrendous. Any time I made a new friend, she would tell that friend something so she would stop hanging out with me. Some time between 7th and 8th grade, I stopped talking to her. Made some of my own friends, and actually had fun. Then she decided to come back, "apologize," and hang out with me again. Introduced herself to my new friends, and later spread terrible rumors about me. Didn't speak to her until after middle school ended, and we had gone our separate ways for high school.

At this point, I had wanted so badly to COMPLETELY get out of that relationship. She hurt me so many times, made me cry. I would have done it too, but we attend the same church and sunday school. Anytime one of the adults or our other friends realized we weren't speaking, we would get a lecture on how we shouldn't let such a good friendship go to waste for some little thing. Not to mention our families are really close, and it would get really awkward when they came over and we didn't talk to each other. I always got talked into being friends with her again.

High school was better, didn't see her as much as I used to. Had casual conversations, and kept my guard up. She would always ask me to hang out, and I would make some excuse. During 11th grade, she sent me a huge email, apologizing for everything she had done, and asking me to forgive her. I was a little wary, but I thought that maybe she had changed, and that she deserved another chance. We started off okay. I realized she was always lying to me, but they were usually petty things, so I let them slide.

Fast forward to now, 3 years later. In my opinion (I'm not sure how valid an opinion that is, since I tend to play things as safe as possible), she has super reckless behavior: driving all over the city a day after getting her permit (got in the car with her once, within 10 minutes she had nearly hit 2 cars), going hiking in abandoned areas by herself (this especially scares me, a girl was randomly raped and murdered in that area 4 years ago), walking around the bad parts of town by herself at night, etc. She told me she constantly picks fights with her mom so she won't ask where her daughter is going when my friend wants to go somewhere her parents wouldn't approve of. About a month ago, she texted me, asking how I would react if she died. I told her my world would fall apart, because everything constantly reminds me of her.

So two weeks ago, I got really angry with her. More angry than I think I've ever been, and I don't know if I was justified in my anger. I found out that she's been not only lying to me (I wanted to go out of town, she said she would come, said her parents said she could, bailed on me as I was walking out the door, saying she just asked her parents and they said no. Just one of many events.), she's been telling her parents she's out with me when she's not, telling our friends horrible, horrible lies about me. I had a total flashback of middle school, and walked out.

This is where I may have messed up. I'm always worried with her recklessness, but I was angry too. Three days later, I called her (very rational) sister out of state and told her about her sister's behavior. I said I didn't want to rat her out, but I wanted to make sure that someone knew what was going on, especially if something happened while she said she was out with me and really wasn't. Honestly, I was scared that if something DID happen, I would regret not speaking up when I had the chance. So I'm not exactly sure what happened after I told her sister, but the next day my friend shut down her Facebook, deleted me off Instagram, and stopped replying to my texts. I thought it was funny/weird how I was the one who should've been giving her the cold shoulder for lying to/about me, but she cut me out instead.

So, did I overreact? Did I do the right thing? I'm honestly exhausted with dealing with her, and I have no interest in rekindling our friendship. What should I do?

TL;DR: Bad relationship with lifelong bff, she constantly lied, I got mad and tried to get outside help, may have royally fucked up.

Also, I forgot to add that even when we were on good terms, she would randomly stop speaking to me for weeks at a time. When she would come back and I asked her what happened, she'd just say it was personal. Once though, she told me her mom compared her to me and she got mad, so she stopped talking to me because of that.