About 2 months ago I posted the original, i ended up deleting it because I don't want people to find this that I might be working with. 


So anyways, I am the first female field tech for a huge internet company. I get on roofs, run cables, and do some really scary things! I posted it before I started, so I thought you ladies would like a little update for those who are interested. 



I am actually typing this in a Subway about 200 miles from home, fixing some internets. SO I will write as uch as I can now. 


I work with all guys, they are all so nice. We all get along, and they all treat me the same as everyone else, which was my huge fear. They take me seriously, too! I had 4 days of trainging until they said I could propbably go out on my own. I picked it up fast, and I get very shoked faces when I show up to people's houses. Here is the most common conversation:

*i call them up about 20 minutes before I get there*


Me: Hi, this is iamkindacool, looks like we have an appointment to fix your connection today. Would it be okay if I head out here in about 20-30 minutes?  


Customer: Yeah okay sounds good ,just tell them if they need help with directions, to call me.  


Me: *ugh* okay, sounds good! Ill call you if I get lost, are you still at *address*?


Customer: Yep, just let them know it if the first house on this road.


Me: Okay sounds good, I will see you then!


Customer: Okay! I will keep a lookout for them!



Then they act all surprised when I show up. I get guys that come hold my ladder (I think they like staring at my bum.) I had a guy the other day sit in a lawn chair and watch me while I point their antenna in a different direction on his roof. I've had quite a few women tell me how awesome it is to see a woman in this industry. 


I have guys that can't lift my ladder. I have guys come on the roof and try to help me, and they can't even get off the ladder before they get scared and get down. I've used a 37 foot ladder to get up on a roof and have it break the gutter it was leaning against when I am 2 feet away from reaching the top, causing me to almost fall. I fell off a 6 foot step ladder onto a huge pile of snow, and I STILL get shit for it. 


I went on a roof that didn't even "peak" as in it was pretty much a dome, and on my way up (about 20 ft in the air) the ladder starts sliding below me, and thankfully soome guy ran and held it for me. I cried for about a day since I wouldn't have been able to use my legs ever again if he wasn't there. 


I've had a guy straight out refuse to let me get on his roof. 


I had a guy hit on me and start touching my back when I was sitting on his floor programming his antenna, I didn't finish the job. I left right after he touched my back and got in my truck and left. 


I went to a animal hoarder's house... It was really sad. I got out of there ASAP. The guy that owned the house couldn't even get out of the chair and he was on an oxygen tank. I couldn't breathe in his house. 



A tech came out to help me on a job, and a house was so gross that I decided to stand up. He sat down and it ended up being human shit on the chair he sat on. He threw up. 


I have SO many stories and EVERY day is a HUGE adventure, and I NEVER know what will happen. I just got out of being absolutly lost in the wetlands. 4 wheel drive baby!


Thank you all for the encouraging comments on my last post!!

