Hello TwoX,

This probably isn't the best place to make this post, but I would like some advice. I'm sorry if this is long!

I'm a woman in my mid twenties. I moved to another state about 4 years ago now, and I have no friends here. Not even male ones. I've always had some difficulty making female friends. It's cliche, but guys were just easier, with the exception that most of them want(ed) to get in my pants.

I do have some close relationships, but they're all long distance now. Only one of them is a woman.

I know everyone says to pick up a hobby or something, well I would love to but I cannot afford it at this moment. I am in the process of finding a new job (I really hate not having a job). This is a stress in my relationship with my boyfriend. He says I'm not interested in making friends, which isn't true! (Also, I find that hypocritical because its not like he's some social butterfly) So he feels like he has to be with me all the time, which I've tried to tell him I don't need him around all the time. I really don't. It's nice when hes here since he is my only "real" human contact, but I grew up in a solitary environment, I'm used to it. He just doesn't believe me.

There were two women I was trying to cultivate friends with, I thought I had succeeded, except now one of them doesn't respond to me (we used to have game nights as couples) and I don't have a clue why. The other... some stupid drama over not returning a game my boyfriend and I let her borrow. Besides that, she's too wrapped up in the rest of her life, which I understand.

I am lonely though. I want to be able to get out of the house and have fun with some people too. I find it hard to connect with many women my age, because they all seemed concerned with engagement/marriage/babies. I know not ALL women are like that of course (I have no interest in children as an example) but it just makes it so hard to connect with them, because those are major life transitions that we couldn't bond over.

Has anyone had similar problems? Is there any advice other than "get an outside hobby!" Believe me, I'm not a shut in by choice. Funds and lack of people is mainly why I am always home. I like to go walk in the park, and I go work out but these aren't really activities to find friends with, unfortunately.

Any advice would be appreciated!