I am on my phone during my lunch break, so I am sorry for any formatting issues or misspellings. 

A little background: I have been working in this line of work for a while now (3 years at my present company, seven years total professional experience). It's a male-heavy industry, but I am one of two women in my specific department. The issue I'm confused about here involves being a 32 year old woman who looks approx 10 years younger than I actually am. Normally, I'm pretty pumped that people see me as younger, but my co workers are all below the age of 25. I've been thinking more about this lately, especially since we just hired a new person right out of college. He's 22. 

Aside from feeling a bit like Matthew McConaughey in Dazed and Confused (I keep getting older while they stay the same age) I am wondering if looking much younger is hurting my career. I'd like to move up and be given the opportunity to grow, but feel like I can't because my superiors might think I "lack experience". Not everyone knows my work history. But I feel like I am to blame for letting my bosses think I'm a 22 year old newb because I'm viable parinoid about my actual age, rather then reminding then I'm been working for 17 damn years, and in this industry for 7. 

I'm also a little ashamed because  hiding my age is such a "woman" thing (ugh) that is to be expected. 

I'm sorry if this is not the right place, but it's such a weird situation and thought some other woman has had this sort of thing happen, and how the hell do I deal with this conflict in my head? 

I guess that I should mention that every time I bring up my age to anyone, ANYONE, they don't believe me. I still get carded at bars and when buying wine out. Last week when I told a fellow female worker in another department that we are, in fact the same age, after she condescended to me she demanded to see my damn drivers license. I have no idea how to handle this in my professional life, sorry for the rant. Please help :(

EDIT: wow, I just got off work and am very happy to read your helpful, honest responses (despite the weird random downvotes). I do ask for projects lately and am now lead in two specific tasks that I volunteered to lead just recently. As I've said though, I've just started doing this and will definitely continue. 

The advice on dress and attitude I will also take in. I'll be looking at myself as an outsider for the next few days and hopefully find some spots to improve! Thank you again!!