I want to take this moment for my first post, I have something that's been bothering me.

Let me start of with the fact that while I am not the skinniest I am a healthy and what some may even consider to be 'small' size. I work in Beverly Hills at a prestigious company. I am a receptionist and I make good money for an entry level position I came into with hardly any experience at an age where my peers have chosen college. I completely support myself which with the addition of a couple bills, lately means that I cant afford to eat 3 times a day or even twice all the time. As a result I'm sure I've lost weight but I wouldn't definitely know since I never weigh myself and I've never noticed any drastic change in the way my body looks.
Last week a male that I work with was talking to me and at some point he added 'You look good, you've lost weight!', and I was kind of taken back by that. I'm not completely sure why but it offended me. How could he tell I lost weight? Why was that a good thing? Was I not a good enough size before? Did I need to lose weight? I know he meant it as a compliment, but why would he compliment a healthy girl on weight loss?
Just yesterday at work I was speaking with another male I work with while I was eating and he invited me to walk with him and I said I should rather do that than eat seconds of this pot luck lunch we were having since I was completely stuffed at this point. He then said something like about how I've been improving ' You're going blonde, you've lost weight...', and once again I was offended and still not completely sure why. Why is changing my hair color an 'improvement'? I obviously needed to lose the weight right?
I can't seem to get it out of my mind, and I'm not sure if I'm over reacting. It was meant as a compliment but I feel insulted...

EDIT: Insulted is not where I was trying to go with this. It was more along the lines of 'Why should telling someone who is already healthy that they lost weight be a positive thing?'.