EDIT: I already have another interview lined up. Although some are whispering in my ear to simply leave without notice, I don't think I could do that unless it got way out of hand. Thank you so much for your kind and reassuring words. Telling him is going to be hard but I'm going to do it after my interview if it goes well. Thank you all again. I feel much better putting it all on the table and really analyzing the situation.

I was going to post in /r/LawFirms, but now I am terrified that he uses this site and goes on that subreddit. He has made me paranoid.

It's one guy. Somehow he has been running his firm by himself for months. I was hired spontaneously despite my utter lack of experience (I have education, but no practice). I know that it's important to not make mistakes since we're dealing with clients and court, but every time I make even a very minor mistake that would take a second to correct, he flips. He does not give constructive criticism, he tells me in a very annoyed/angry tone that I need to "pay attention and get it together" and by him having to fix my mistake (he makes me get out of my chair to fix it even though I tell him I can type it in but then he says he can't trust me) I'm wasting his time and then goes on a lecture of either how much other stuff he needs to do or why his system works.

He told me in the beginning that the people before me had quit on him. Now I find out he fired them. His whole team. At a law firm.

Also, he's paranoid. He goes on how other firms are jealous of him being able to do so much by himself so they're hiring people to call us and set up consultations they'll never commit to and "waste his time".

I am constantly on edge. I have only worked there less than a month, but I have never felt so stressed out in my life. I feel like I am making all of these mistakes because I am so terrified of making mistakes. I know my memory isn't that bad but for some reason when he gives me the simplest of instructions I completely freeze up.

Are most firms like this? There are other things I don't agree with, such as he is SO rude to people on the phone and cusses in front of clients. He does get the cases done, and he is rated very well, but the inside goings on just don't fit well with me.

I was paranoid that it was because I wasn't fit for this kind of job, and was bummed because I've wanted to work in a family law firm for a very long time.

Any thoughts? Sorry my thought process was so jumbled. I'm just so emotionally out right now. My boyfriend says I should look for something else, but I wanted to make sure I wasn't overreacting.