I apologize for the long story that is coming, but there are a lot of moving parts.

SO and I have been together for several years, and we are ending our undergraduate careers now. He went on a departmental weekend trip (I was invited but unable to go), got raging, blacked out drunk, and then apparently had sex with one of his female colleagues. 

I say apparently, because no one really knows what happened. Others saw him and the girl definitely flirting, holding hands, touching her legs, etc. but then when they walked away from everyone else, all the stories diverge. She is claiming that they had sex. However SO woke up alone, and fully dressed (buttons on pants, shirt and belt done correctly), and only remembers puking that night. 

The girl and I have previously met, and she knew we were together, yet is not sorry for her actions and was upset that they stopped having sex - she told him a few days after the situation that they stopped having sex because he was freaking out about not having a condom (he got tested today, etc.) 

The twist is that both my SO and I really doubt if they actually had sex. This is because he was puking a lot that night, woke up fully clothed, and the girl has changed her variation of the story a few times. But regardless of if they had sex, there was some sort of physical activity, hand holding, kissing, leg touching, etc. 

Because of our long history together and our immense trust, I am trying to work through this with him. I feel strangely 'okay' right now, and it's been a few days. I don't know if it's because I know that he was blacked out and the girl almost forced herself on him, or if I'm doing the classic, 'I'm not going to blame my SO but rather the other person', or simply repressing all my feelings about it.. but I don't want to be okay now, and have everything come boiling back up in a few months.

I never thought I would have to deal with this situation (who does?), but I'm just feeling kind of lost about how to feel about it.