Growing up, I was a tomboy. A hard core, no-hair-combing, anime-shirt-and-jeans wearing, dress-despising, barbie-burning tomboy. I loved playing with the guys as they made me feel comfortable. I appreciated their roughness and having fun with them meant less judgement in my little girl eyes. I could be dirty, have fun and play the games I wanted to play


As I got older and went to middle school, I knew I had to slightly 'conform' to girlish wear in order to get the attention I wanted from men. Around this time, my sister jokingly said she thought I was going to grow up gay. It kind of hurt my feelings but I took it with a grain of salt as I know she loves the hell out of me anyways. Middle school was a trying time and I was scrawny, flat (as most young girls are) and was completely acne ridden. My peers would make jokes about my sexuality and I never understood it. I loved guys and thought they were sexy. Why wasnt I straight based off of that?


Flash forward to now, I am 23 years old and I do enjoy things my 10 yr old self would hate me for. Not because of social influences but simply I enjoy looking feminine, make up is fun and I look amazing in heels because I have a track runners butt lol However, I still get asked this question constantly:


"Are you straight?" "Are you bisexual?" How can you even GAGE that from how I look? I even had a guy tell me its because of all the jeans I wear and the books I was carrying in my facebook photos. Really?? Straight women cant read and wear jeans? Yes, I know I have a mohawk but I've only had it the last few years but the question has been prevalent my entire life. Its insulting because now 'straight' women cant be seen as women like me. I still have a good amount of guy friends and a GREAT amount of girl friends. Yes, I can be quite the pervert but what modern day lady in her 20s isnt? I MUST be a lesbian, I MUST be bisexual. I have nothing against the LGBT community and Im not 'hiding'  anything deep down. I've explored many aspects of my sexuality and I know that I am straight and I am proud.


Thank yall for listening and if anyone has any stories or anything they would like to share, please do. I sometimes get very down about it.


tl;dr assumed not to be straight because of... I honestly dont know