I post here from time to time under my main account, but right now I really need a head check, and I'd rather do it anonymously/not connected to my main account.  Basically, I've been having issues with a friend, and due to a number of factors in my life which have me feeling emotionally off-kilter, it's possible that I'm being a total crazy-pants about this, but also possible that I'm not.  I guess basically I'm looking for a sounding board of sorts because of how "off" I've been recently.

So, I have this friend, and we've been friends for about 2 years.   Over the last few weeks, she's started being kind of bitchy to me.  Nothing huge, but talking down to me and making small comments that make me feel like absolute crap, like harshly telling me to "shush" when in a group (a few people, including me, were kind of talking over each other, but in a playful way), or making snarky comments about me being "emo" after I confided in her about some of the emotionally difficult things that have been going on in my life here lately.

Anyway, over this past weekend, this friend asked me to keep an eye on her garden for her while she was away.  She said that she had picked some veggies and left them in her fridge and that I should take them, which I did.  So, she gets home today, and texts me and says did you take the veggies, and I said yes, and she said that I was only supposed to take some of them and that she had left sticky notes saying what I should take and what I should leave.  Now, I made a mistake, and didn't read the notes carefully because I was in a hurry, so I took all the veggies.  I told her this and apologized, and offered to bring her what was left tomorrow (I can't until then).  She texts back and says her boyfriend will come to my house to pick it up in half an hour, which he did.  She never responded with an "it's okay" or a thank you for taking care of her garden or anything. I never wanted to take what's not mine, but it was an honest mistake, and I apologized, and it just feels shitty.  Her reaction has me feeling like I stole from her, rather than it being a genuine misunderstanding, but maybe I'm over-reacting to this in particular/to things in general?  

Anyway, thanks for reading.  I'm doing my best to manage all of the "stuff" that is making me so emotionally all over the place, and this is just hitting me really hard right now.   