Hi ladies, I was originally going to post this in relationships, but you guys just seem like a much more understanding group to me...

So my boyfriend and I have been together a little over a year and a half, (we're both in high school) and he was never this negative! He's always been a bit childish, but now it's gotten to the point where I don't want to bring him places or hang out with him anymore because he just mopes around. At school I don't want to be near him, and this makes him more negative, because I can't handle it! I've tried asking him what's wrong or whats going on/why he feels like this, but he always has an excuse about his parents making him feel like that.

For example, my friends and I went to hang out at a pool place one night and within 30 minutes of getting there he is sitting in the corner by himself sighing and moping. I'm trying to have a good time so I try talking to him and say, "Hey, I invited you along so you could get your mind off of things, why don't you play some pool and try to forget about it for awhile?" And he got mad and told me he "didn't want to talk about it." And pouted for hours until I took him home.

Another time he was struggling in math and my friend offered to help him with his homework and my boyfriend said, "Well it doesn't matter anyways, I'm just gonna screw it up and fail." This is a regular thing in school.

I want to go to college, he doesn't. I've told him multiple times this is a deal breaker for me, it's the way I was raised and I'm sticking with it. He doesn't take school as seriously as I do.

I can't handle this amount of negativity! I've talked to him about it so many times, and he doesn't change it, no matter what. I'm currently going to therapy and taking medication for depression and anxiety, so I'm trying to figure my own stuff out right now without his negativity and extreme clingyness (sending me 4+ messages in 10 minutes when I haven't responded because of whatever reason, missing me right when we get home from school, wanting to hang out ALL THE TIME, I like my alone time :( ...) Please help, I'm considering driving to his house tomorrow and ending it.

TLDR: My boyfriend is way too negative all the time, way too clingy, and we just have different ideas of what we want in life. Please help/advice? :(