He's always been a car nut.  Fanatic.  I thought it was cute.  Last year he was finally able to afford a nice flashy car that he adores.  Keeps it in showroom condition and has sunk money in for new tires/wheels, exhaust, with plans to do more.  This is money he sets aside from his paycheck plus he has taken out two loans against his 401k.  We're not married but tentatively talk about saving to buy a home, although we're not doing much of acting on that plan, obviously.  I put my entire check into the bank, aside from what goes into my 401k.  

He does a kind of racing (time trials only, no wheel to wheel) EVERY sunday, driving all over the state to participate so he has entry fee plus gas, plus occasionally hotel.  I frequently work weekends so it is not an option for me to go all the time, nor do I want to...I am not a car person, plus it isn't really a spectator sport.  Its out all day in the sun on asphalt watching cars go through cones.  We barely see each other when he isn't racing anyway.  He does well, but I don't feel I should have to go to every one.  He wishes I would, but he understands.

So I don't know why, but I feel kinda resentful about this in some way, because having a full weekend together with him is pretty much not an option.  He's even said as much...barring a vacation out of town or whatever, if there is an event, he wants to go.  It makes him happy and he shouldn't have to not do what he loves.  I agree, but I don't feel that asking for a Sunday every now and then is too much.  I don't know why he has to go to EVERY single one.  He says "Because I enjoy it."  He says we get plenty of time through the week and Saturdays, why am I begrudging him what he loves to do?  

I wouldn't ask him to stop for me, or to choose me over racing, but I'm feeling neglected here.  He never forgets a racing event, or scheduled things for his car, but our anniversary was a month and a half ago and I have yet to receive anything - and I mean anything - dinner, flowers, even a card.  This is the first one ever that this has happened.  This is a man who always has been really thoughtful and sweet with special occasions.  

As a side, I don't have any large scale hobbies myself - I like photography and reading and travel - but no one obsession like he does.  I would gladly go out and do my own thing on Sundays, but the thought of him NEVER being willing to give up his time for us, is...unsettling.  As in, rethinking my future with him unsettling.

Thoughts?

TL; DR:  BF obsessed with Sunday car stuff, how much is too much?

