I'm mostly comfortable with my body. Enough anyway. It's pretty in it's own way, and I can recognize and appreciate that. But my face, I just don't see the good in it. I'm not a very feminine person in general, but I've been working on that and have made progress in everywhere but my face.

I'm relatively thin, but I have quite a bit of neck fat (inherited). My face just looks really flat and without any feminine shape. I have some upper lip hair and I don't wear makeup. I try my hardest to shape my eyebrows into an arch, but they just refuse to get any shape other than flat (They naturally on the thicker side, and they can be kind of messy looking, but I keep them thinner and try to tame them). My forehead isn't exactly *big*, I don't think, but it is, erm, wrinkly? My skin is also oily and shines (not sure if a result of my actual face or the lotion I use on it or something else), giving me an overall greasier look. Combined with my combination dry and greasy hair, it gives me an unkempt, messy/manly look. 

My hair is terrible and certainly adds to my face looking manlier, but that's a problem for another day.

All in all, I'm incredibly insecure about my face, but I don't really know how to fix it. I clearly can't change the shape, but I figure I can change my skin/eyebrows/etc. I use an offbrand of Vaseline's hypoallergenic lotion. I wash my face once daily--in the shower using Cerave (recommended by my dermatologist--I don't think it really helps at all, though). I've recently attempted using a different kind of lotion, but I think it was starting a breakout, so I stopped using it. I've also tried coconut oil which caused a breakout. I don't really have acne-prone skin--it's mostly zitless on it's own--but I guess my skin is just picky about products. Like I said, my eyebrows refuse to hold an arch. They also look "piece-y" and don't lay nice. I don't wear makeup and don't intend on it (both out of a fear of causing a breakout and because I don't think I should use makeup until after I'm ok with my appearance)--the exception being maybe mascara/eyeliner in the future. The upper lip hair is where my biggest issue is. I won't use makeup, so I can't cover it up. And I refuse to shave/wax/pluck/whatever it because I fear it growing back darker (or thicker--point is, it'll *look* darker and more noticeable as personally experienced with my stomach hair). 

Sorry for the amount of text, but I'm at the point where I just don't know what to do about it anymore. Any suggestions on ways to bring out the more feminine side of my face? I'm not necessarily interested in specific products (different things work for different people--plus, I tend to prefer using more natural products where I can), but *types* (Ex: "lotion", "cleanser", etc.) are helpful since I'm fairly inexperienced with facial/skin care. Or just something in general that I can change, I don't know.

I tried to fit in as much background here as possible, but feel free to ask more questions in the comments if I left something out!

Apologies if there's a better subreddit for this.
 
 
----------- 
Edit: Thanks for all the advice, I really appreciate it! :)