This is going to be a very long post:

I have had the same best friend since I was 13. When I moved across the country 6 years ago our friendship suffered some blows.

The worst of which was in January of 2013 when she told me that she no longer wanted to be my friend but "hoped we could find our way back to each other some day."

It seemed to me that it occurred rather abruptly and out of the blue.

It was right after she came and visited me to enjoy some sun and surf. The whole week we spent together things just felt super tense. She seemed on edge and easily angered. After a whole week of her snapping at me and generally coming off as kinda pissed at me she went home. 

I did what I could the whole week to try and keep trying to get us back in the usual groove of our friendship. We went out and I picked up the tab, got manicures, tried to just enjoy some girl time together.

When she got home she was very upset when her on again/off again casual hook up blew her off at the last minute for some standing plans they had. She called me really upset and said that she didn't know how she could "change herself to make him like her more" and I told her she absolutely shouldn't change at all and a guy should just like her for who she is and if he didn't then they simply weren't compatible. Because she is awesome and deserves the best.

Normally, she always appreciated my honest advice. And I appreciated hers.

She blew up at me (like nothing I have ever experienced before) and I told her I really didn't want to talk to her while we were both upset, she sent me a couple angry texts and I told her I thought we should just talk the next day.

I thought she might just need a clear head to sort out her feelings about the guy in question just being a no good jerkward. But the next day I get an e-mail friend dumping me saying I had been a killjoy since my last breakup and she no longer wanted me in her life. In summary, that our friendship had run it's course and she was no longer interested in maintaining it.

 I was really devastated. We had small fights in the past but nothing on this level. I told her I didn't want that but I respected her decision. 

I feel like I really was at a place where I no longer talked about my past relationship and had started a new chapter of my life so to be called a killjoy for it really sucked. Also I felt I really made the week she visited an awesome vacation for her and she really couldn't specify why exactly she was so done with me other then we had grown apart and had separate interests.

I felt because she had been working alongside the department of corrections and spending so much time in the jails she was just being really negatively affected by her profession and that maybe her negative feelings would pass. But I respected her decision to cut me out.

I only contacted her twice after that once to get some stuff returned since it was pretty apparent she was done with me. I deleted her off facebook and tried to move on with my life as best I could even though it really sucked losing someone so close to me. 

Back in March I had to ask her for a contact number of a mutual friend trying to keep it positive I just said I hoped she was well and I still thought about her often and hoped she knew I didn't have any negative feelings towards her and just wanted to remembered all our awesome years of friendship fondly.

She said she had actually regularly snooped my facebook had seen I had gotten engaged, she congratulated me and said how much she missed me and wanted to be friends and catch up. So we have been kind of tentatively talking ever since and updating each other on our lives. 

I did ask if she had interest in being in my wedding party. It was hard to imagine my big day and planning it without her. But this weekend will be my first time actually seeing her since we mended our friendship.

I feel really anxious about seeing her and potentially having her be negative and easily angered around me again. But I also don't know how to raise the issue with her. She really wanted my fiancee and I to stay at her place which is a studio apartment and I really didn't want to be in such close quarters after everything. I want to carve out some girl time with her this weekend and try and ensure our friendship is back on the right track. 

But I also feel like I want to talk to her about how bad she hurt me. She had never apologized for terminating our friendship and I felt really used that she did it after I basically put her up on vacation.

How should I approach this or am I forced to just put the past in the past if I expect our friendship to have a future?

I genuinely feel like we have made some good progress in the past two months and I feel like she is genuinely happy for me in all the great ways my life has changed in the 14 months we weren't speaking to each other (I finished school and met an amazing man who asked me to be his wife). She seems to be in a good place as well. However, literally a week ago she dumped the same on again/off again guy because after going through another round of casual sex but no commitment she realized he was never going to change. I don't really voice strong opinions on the guy since she obviously really liked him, I just told her I thought she should be proud of herself for putting her needs first and ending it even though it was a difficult choice. 

Anyway advice, words of wisdom or general support would be appreciated.