Hi TwoX, I'm feeling very self conscious about something that I know shouldn't matter, and just need to pour out feelings, rant, get advice, etc. 

I am 17 years old and am currently dating my first-ever boyfriend. I have had absolutely no previous sexual experience except for kissing. We have been together for about seven months, although we were friends for a while before that. We have a really great relationship, and he always does his best to make me happy and comfortable. I am fully confident that he loves me for who I am and not my appearance, however I've been super nervous about progressing sexually due to the appearance of my vulva. Stupid, I know. I have basically the opposite of the "ideal porn vagina" in that I have SUPER LONG labia (like really really long) and they're also very brown at the ends (although I have very light skin). I know experienced guys know that women's anatomy can differ greatly and it's all normal, etc, but my boyfriend has had close to no previous sexual experience and I'm pretty sure he probably watches porn, being a 17 year old guy (the fact that he might watch porn doesn't bother me in the slightest, but it just means he's only been exposed to perfect labia-less porn vaginas). Anyways, I have yet to remove my underwear. He has gently suggested we take things a step further sexually a couple times before, but being the nice guy he is, when I said I wasn't ready he totally respected that. However it's getting to the point where I really want to move forward, and I'm sure he does too. It's just that one insecurity that is really holding me back. I look in the mirror and think it just looks weird/gross, even though I know that's not logical.
I know that if a guy cares that much about your vulva he really isn't worth it, and I agree. I'm about 99% sure that even if he did find my vulva unattractive he definitely wouldn't say anything. So I'm not worried about him being a jerk about it. Just for some reason the idea of him finding me unattractive in any way, or being disappointed in some way about how I look REALLY bothers me. I know that some men love long labia, but I'm worried he doesn't. Especially since what I'm worried about is so private and intimate. If I had what I considered an unattractive nose or something I wouldn't care so much because there are no surprises and he would know from the beginning. It's weird because I'm not self conscious about pretty much anything else but this one particular part of me. 
This has created a really big fear of taking off my underwear and letting him see my vulva/vagina. I think we're both silently getting more and more impatient, and I'm totally ready to move forward if it weren't for this huge irrational fear.
Can anyone give me any advice on how to get over this? I really want this relationship to last and everything is so perfect except for this one thing.

Thanks so much for any advice you can give me.

PS: I want to stress that I do not want to offend any women on here with large labia. I am not saying there is anything wrong with you, or that you should be insecure about it or anything. I really wish that I could be like a lot of you and get over being so worried about it. 
