I'm not sure if this is the correct place to post, but I love the community here and feel comfortable here.

WARNING wall of text!! 

My mom has type 2 diabetes, which she got when I was about 10 years old. She's always been a big lady, I'm not really sure of weight but I would say at her heaviest she was probably about 320 or so pounds. She's probably around 250 or so now. Her unhealthy eating and lack of exercise has lead to her getting diabetes, high blood pressure and sharko foot. Sharko foot has lead to both of her feet being broken in multiple places. Her feet are now both in casts (they have been since January) and the doctors see her staying in casts for a few more months. Eventually she'll go into walking casts, but they doubt she'll ever be cast free. 

How do I stop feeling so frustrated and angry at her for doing this to herself? She continues to eat horribly and not exercise. I came home from teaching English in Korea to take care of her (cook, clean, take care of the dog, go to the doctor's, etc.) and I'm watching as she continues to eat horrible. I feel as if she gave herself the diabetes, and her shitty diet lead to all the horrible complications. 

I do the cooking for supper, but she has her own decision for what she eats in terms of the other meals and snacks. I make fairly balanced meals, but she seems to eat around the vegetables. Some vegetables she'll refuse to eat (like a little kid!) and she'll leave them on her plate. She always asks for me to make potato wedges, and suggests ordering in all the time. The only fruit I see her eat are bananas, and I've never seen her take any other vegetable or fruit for a snack. 

I feel as if she passed on a lot of her shitty eating habits to me. I never saw her eat healthy as a little kid either. Fruits and veggies were always in the house, but usually went bad as we weren't really encouraged to eat them. We ate a lot of her cooking, which was greasy and buttery (but delicious).Other than that, she was an excellent mother that taught my sister and I to work hard and instilled great values in us. 

I'm a healthy weight now (although I was a chubby kid, and am still by no means skinny), I try to eat my fruits and veggies and I go to the gym 4 or so times I week. How do I stop feeling angry at my mom for what she's done to herself? Every time I've hinted about her changing her eating habits, she's gotten angry at me or cried. What do I do, if anything?

Thank you to anyone that reads this huge wall of text and answers!