I will start with saying this is a rant. This is irrational frustration, and does not reflect my day-to-day state of mind. I also don't mean to offend anyone, and I'm sorry if I do, or if I sound petty or childish.

Ok, my body is basically like this: 5'7", around 145 lbs, small boobs, small waist, wide hips, big butt, thick thighs. From a fashion standpoint, I don't like it. Sexually, I sometimes love it, but most of the time I hate it.

I like having my breasts played with, complimented, you know, getting positive attention. It turns me on. But, since they're small, they don't stand out. So they sit there neglected during sex, or they receive a little attention during foreplay, almost as if it's common courtesy to acknowledge them for just a minute or two.

What is big and stands out? My butt, of course. All guys I've been with rave about my butt, they compliment it, they touch it, blah, blah blah! But it does nothing for me. It doesn't turn me on. It only makes me feel self conscious about a body part that generally is considered ugly among the collective female psyche.

The thing is, while I know communication during sex is important, I don't like asking for the attention. It just feels forced. And if a guy doesn't like my tits enough to go there on his own, then I will feel shitty forcing him to pay attention to them. It's like forcing broccoli on a child just because it's healthy, and they oblige because mommy won't let them play with their favorite toy later, when in reality they want chicken nuggets AND their toy.

My boyfriend is the same. He says he loves my body and I believe him, but that means, of course, that he likes my butt. He's always complimenting my butt, saying how he loves that it's big and my waist is tiny by comparison, etc. 

One would think he's a butt guy, but no... he's made (not really sexual) joking comments about other women's/anime characters big breasts, so I know he notices... I also remember when we were just friends hearing him talk with another friend about how some girl they both know has big boobs, and how hot they were, etc. So I know he notices, especially when they're big. However, I don't think he's a boob guy either... I like to think he's a "I-prefer-whatever-you-bring-to-the-table(bed)" kinda guy, because he's been with all kinds of girls... but still... my boobs feel lonely.

Anyway, I realize this is a case of "the grass is greener". It's petty, childish, frustrating... last night we had sex and he didn't touch my boobs, not even once. I kinda feel undesirable, with all the big boob love that society portrays and because I know he notices them. It's stupid. I know it doesn't mean anything. But I really like breast play. I know for fact that given enough love, my boobs can make me orgasm on their own. So yeah... I'm frustrated.