I am feeling like complete shit right now and I just need someone to tell me what to do. I apologize if this is long. Some back story; I’m a 20 year old female and I was drinking last night at my friends house who I’ll refer to as S. S has been my friend for years and I thought I trusted him completely. We have hooked up twice in the past if it’s relevant. Besides me and S, the only other two people there were our friend ‘A’ and my best friend and fairly recent ex who I’ll call ‘N’. ‘N’ and I broke up about a month ago after dating for 4 years and living together for a year. It was an amicable break up and we still hang out and are on great terms. All four of us have been friends for years, and we were just drinking at S’s house to catch up since we are all back from college for the summer. I recently lost the freshman 15 I had put on last year and I hadn’t drank in a while so I did not anticipate how drunk I would be from drinking one 40oz. Last time I drank I could finish a whole one and would be drunk but not black out level at all. But last night I only got through half of my bottle and was already pretty drunk. The guys then wanted to play pong which is when things started to get really fuzzy. I stopped drinking then because I was really trashed at that point. The guys then wanted to go outside to smoke some weed, and I also smoked because I was drunk and thought I wouldn’t get that fucked up for some reason. After I smoked I can barely remember anything. The brief flashes of the rest of the night that I can remember are these:

When we were still outside smoking, I remember sitting on the ground and S put a blanket over me. Next thing I know I’m in the basement with N (my ex) looking for my spare lighter while S and A are still outside waiting for us to grab it. I remember N and I making out while we were in the basement, then we went back outside. Next thing I remember I’m alone sitting on the bathroom floor, everything is spinning and I’m trying not to throw up. Next thing I remember is lying on the bed in the basement being half passed out but not fully unconscious/asleep because I was still so dizzy. I couldn’t open my eyes. Then I felt someone kissing me. I knew it wasn’t N, my ex, because he has a beard and I didn’t feel a beard on whoever was kissing me. He kept kissing me even though I literally wasn’t moving at all, I was really close to passing out. I felt a hand on my right boob, and whoever it was moved my knee to spread my legs. The next thing I remember was puking in the bathroom. I don’t remember leaving the bathroom, but this morning I woke up in the bed alone, everyone else was asleep on the floor. 

I talked to N this morning about what happened. He pieced the night together for me. Apparently after I blacked out N put me in bed and no one had been left alone with me except for a half hour when N and A went outside to smoke again and S had stayed inside with me. This means that S had to have been the one who kissed/touched me.  

I guess what I’m asking is what I should do now? I am pretty sure S crossed the line last night. I have no way of knowing what exactly happened, if he just kissed me or what. Please, I just need some advice. I just feel disgusting. I thought I could trust him, I've known all of these guys for years, we've been friends since 9th grade. I don't know what to do

Edit: People are saying to get a rape kit. Is that really necessary? Would I be able to tell if I was raped? If he did rape me, would I be blamed for being drunk and underage?