Last night I was at a concert (there's a huge music festival going on in my city, it's a lot of fun) and the last band of the night on one of the smaller stages was this bluesy rock band, they were loud and amazing. Some acquaintances of mine were getting a little rowdy and started moshing. No big deal, I'm short and tucked away into the crowd. A couple of my guy friends jumped in and then right back out, just to participate, they got a kick out of being a part of a mosh pit for a little bit. 

I was clearly staying away from the pit, turning my back and bracing if they got too close. I'm barely 5'5", I had a dress on, and a backpack with my things, including my nice DSLR. It was obvious (or so I thought) that I did not want to get into the pit.

Most of my friends are guys, I have a ton of friends here, this town is great, but I tend to be more relaxed with the guys, I bike around town with a small group of dudes, it's whatever. So I get that they see me as one of the guys. 

At one point I'm being pushed, so I push back thinking it was just someone making their way into the pit. Then I realize that I'm specifically being pushed, by one of my guy friends, into the mosh pit, another friend of our laughs and joins him. I shouted out, "No, stop!" and try to dig my heels in. One of them alone are definitely stronger than me, both are taller than me, and with both of them pushing me I definitely have no control. I grab whatever I can, in this instance it's a fellow concert goer, he's tall and built like a brick wall so he doesn't move, I can feel my hand grabbing his arm HARD. He turns and sees me, I shouted "I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!" and he sees I'm being pushed and goes, "It's all good!" A girl next to one of my friends grabs my hand and pulls me to an empty spot next to her. She in an angel and later when one of my guy friends popped up behind us, she made sure it was someone I knew and not just some lurking guy. I need to find her again and buy her flowers or something, she was awesome.

So I am pissed at my two friends. They thought it was a joke. But I know they would have NEVER done that to any of the other girls in our group, just me. I want to talk to them and tell them why what they did was simply not ok. They don't realize how hard they were pushing me. That pit was made of a bunch of dude rowdy dudes, they can handle getting beat on by each other, but I'm shorter and weaker than them. I was pretty tired by the end of the night, and had had a couple beers earlier, so I was relaxed and I know I wouldn't have been about to keep my footing. 

I felt really threatened, I usually feel safe hanging out with guys, if we bike at night I have 3-4 dudes with me, but last night they breached that trust and sense of security. Am I wrong or going overboard in feeling this way?