Wow, looks like it's relationship talk day on TwoX!

I'm lucky enough to be getting married in a month to my favorite person on the planet, but I'm still having relationship issues in my life... they're just someone else's. 

My best friend is engaged to someone who is on academic probation and refuses to work because he doesn't like the only jobs he's able to get with his education level- physical labor or service work. He says his anxiety and depression keep him from holding these jobs, and has been fired or left several in the past few years. 

He pulls horrible shit that's just gotten worse over the years. This last time she called me up in the middle of the night, sobbing, is when she took him to the grocery store at night and he suddenly cannot handle her complaining about work when he doesn't even have a job, so he bolts from the car off in the dark, he won't answer her calls and she can't find him. His friends pick him up and refuse to tell her anything besides that.

I was staying in town at my parents that week to watch my little bro while they went on vacation, and I got her to stay with me for a few days. Every night she’s sobbing and freaking out, trying to get ahold of this fucknut who continues to hang up on her because if she speaks too fast she's interrupting him, and he’s suddenly decided he "doesn't give her permission to interrupt him."

I want her to be happy. I've told her so many times she doesn't deserve to be miserable, and this just takes the cake- this is not how someone that loves and respects you treats you. This is horrifying. He ran off into the middle of the street at night, he could have been hit by a car or gotten lost, he needs HELP, and she is not a professional who can give it. And she *knows* all of this, she's the one explaining what's wrong with him to me half of the time. She's brought up moving out on her own dozens of times, but it always comes back to all the obstacles that would make it too hard to leave on her own- not enough money, can't room with someone she doesn't know, ect. We live too far apart for her to move in with me and my fiancé.

After a two days of me staying up half the night with her while she freaks out (for completely valid reasons!) trying to get him to talk to her, my kid brother hasn’t been able to sleep well, and I’ve had to seriously consider that he might show up at the house and I would have to call the police because I cannot take the chance of someone so unstable being around my family. When she goes back home and talks to him, suddenly "they both have things to work on,” and the absolutely imperative couples therapy she was going to demand as his last chance before leaving "might happen I guess, it couldn't hurt." Now everything is peachy keen again and hooray his friends will room with them so they can afford to move out of his parents’ house! I'm tired of being expected to be happy for her making decisions that I know, and she knows, will make life more difficult when things get bad again. I'm tired of being forthright with her about how it's just going to be another cycle and she should look out for herself, and her agreeing, but then not even doing the bare minimum of improving a relationship that continually makes her miserable. 

I want her to not feel judged and have a safe place to come to. I want to be there for her. I'm always trying to pump her up, telling her she deserves to be happy, telling her her feelings matter and that she wouldn't feel them for no reason. Things are “okay” now, but I'm running low on the capacity to handle this when it isn’t. After what happened with my brother, I realize I can't keep giving like this if it's going to hurt other people-- and me. My work suffers and my fiance falls on the wayside when I'm stressing over trying to help her, trying to find the right things to say that will be truthful because I want to show her I care and know this isn't making her happy, but not sound judgmental. And to be honest, I’m getting frustrated with her. I’m sure you can tell I am, and I really, *really* don’t want to be, but I am. What happened was horrifying, especially that I had to consider her fiancé jeopardizing the safety of me and my young brother alone in the house. I hate him, more than anyone. She’s my maid of honor and I don’t want her bringing him to our events, I don’t want to look at him, I don’t want him drinking with us, I don’t want her pretending everything is a-ok and being hurt when I don’t want to play along anymore because it’s all I can do not to just slug him for what he's done. 

I’m venting by this point. I just want to get all these negative feelings out because this is such a delicate situation and I don’t want to hurt her, I want to be there for her. I just need to find the right balance for what that means now.
