Hi Ladies, 

I moved to Italy with my husband in September.  He is pursuing his postdoc.  I am an engineer, and am working remotely.  The whole thing fell apart.  We got married like 4 days before we moved out here, which was incredibly stressful and ridiculous in its own right, and I was supposed to work at the European site here.  When I got here, they gave some bla bla work visa excuses that my company was supposed to work out but didn't.  Several conversations and weeks later, they asked me to just work "from home".


It is so hard.  It has been 7 months and it is not going well.  I am a huge extrovert and my husband is the only person I talk to.  We have some friends yeah, but they are his office buddies.  My whole identity is warped now that I'm married. I'm essentially a stay at home wife.     I have not bothered to learn Italian, I just don't even give a shit.


My job is only letting me do this for one year so I have to go back in September.  I would have gone back by now but I was trying to make it work, and people are coming to visit and I didn't want to disapoint everyone.  We have this stupid picture perfect sounding life - moving to Italy and I get to work my breadwinning job from here - fuck me, its anything but.  My job has unravelled, I get menial tasks, most of the time I don't do anything but stay logged on until I get an email.  I used to be a heavy hitter - now I'm just a name on the org chart.  I've addressed this with my boss but not much has changed. I have been considering changing careers when I get back in Sept, have been considering divorce, I am just not happy.  To be honest, I am more important to myself than my relationship is to me.  I probably should not have gotten married and came out here.  We had been dating 8 years and rushed the wedding when we found out he got the position.


I just need to vent. Today was especially bad for me.  We went on a great trip this weekend but today is our first full day back and my despair hit me like a ton of bricks.  I am so lost. I know when I go back to the US I'll fall into another depressive episode and feel like this was a wasted opportunity that I slept through.  I used to be so loyal and gung ho about my job - why bother to work so hard if they couldn't even back me up this year.  