Two years ago, I met a very special boy. I was 18 when I went on a two week Holocaust based trip to Poland and Israel and I met a guy named R* and over the course of the latter 9 days of the trip, we started to fall for each other. I know, commence eye rolling. But on that plane ride home, we basically decided to start a long distance relationship (him on the east coast and me on the west). Seeing as it was three months away from the start of college for both of us, we obviously had lots of people telling us it was a bad idea. But you know what? It was one of the best years of my life. We flew back and forth a total of four times and it was unreal how fast we fell in love with each other and started talking about our future together. 

We broke up a year into the relationship because of me; I'm a very affectionate and physically oriented person and it was getting too difficult for me to be in a relationship and not be able to touch him and still have it feel tangible. Once the break up happened, he backed away for a bit. I still wanted to be close because I still believed in a future together. He still wanted that future but he was too afraid it wouldn't end up happening. Slowly, he started coming back and we resumed a relatively close friendship. We've had this going on for the last year. 

Two weeks ago, my moms friend's friend randomly lets it be known that she is looking for a nanny for their kids to fly with them to THE VERY CITY R LIVES IN for 2 weeks while they go on daytime business trips. I'm a very big believer of things happening for a reason, so I let R know and he was incredibly excited to hear this. We started talking even more and decided that we would engage romantically with everything except for the relationship label. At one point I got scared and asked him about what would happen after I left. He told me that he likes to deal with that when it comes so that we can enjoy it while it lasts.

My first day in his city was last Wednesday. I saw him during the evening and we had a great reunion at first but for some reason we were arguing about little things a LOT. Later on, after we'd been intimate, I started getting very emotional about the uncertainty of our futures. About how I desperately wanted him in mine and/but would feel guilty to fall for someone else and want a future with them etc. He was nothing but reassuring. The next day, I saw him again, and the weird arguing was back and by questioning why it was there, I opened what was to be the enormous can of worms. 

I could tell her was more irritable and impatient than he normally is and I asked him why. That launched us into a conversation about how "people change" and "maybe we're too different now" and yadda yadda but I eventually got him to open up to the real reason instead of giving me bullshit ones cause he was too afraid to tell the truth. 

After the emotional conversation we'd had the previous night, he kind of got freaked out. He became afraid of not being able to live his life because he'd always be in love with me and comparing other people to me. This has absolutely been my life for this past year; I was in a wonderful relationship but I was literally afraid to let myself love that person. And so he said he needs to let me go for now romantically and that we can't see each other anymore in a romantic context for the duration of my trip. He said that he thinks there's still a "substantial chance" that we will be together at the end but he can't close himself off anymore for the sake of his happiness.

The reason this shatters me so much is because for so long I've felt and seen a beautiful future with a wonderful man who was my best friend while we were together. We were incredibly compatible and wanted the same things out of life and talked in such detail about the future we would have. He even told me when he'd propose to me. And now, that's gone. Please don't get me wrong- at the end of the conversation I told him through tears that I thought he was doing the right thing, because I want nothing more than happiness for him. This isn't me trying to wrap my claws around him or bemoaning his selfish ways; I support his decision. But it completely blindsided me and now I find myself scrambling to erase him from my future in order to protect myself from the very real chance that he won't be in it. It HURTS so much to have to force myself to erase a future that was so certain and wonderful. I feel like no matter what, nothing will ever measure up or even if it will, I'll always find myself wondering "what if". The fact that I only get one life in this universe and he may very well not be in it is scaring me so much because I never want to have regrets in my life and even though I don't know what I could have done differently, I'm so afraid that the loss of a future with this person from my life will be one I can never get over. 

I don't know what to do or what to think but now I've got a week and a half left in this place and all I do is nanny two babies and desperately try not to cry in front of them. The reason this is so devastating to me is because this isn't just a breakup with someone really cool, it's the loss of a future I was so sure of and happy with. One of the worst parts is how he is capable of seeing alternate paths in his mind- with one of them including me. But now I don't think I can allow myself to see that anymore in order to protect myself. I find myself needing to completely erase the idea of us being together at all in order to heal. But I don't know if that's the right thing to do. I just don't know. I needed to rant and cry and if any of you have inspirational or wise words, they would be so so welcome. 

TLDR: I just lost a future I was so sure and happy of and I don't know what to do to heal. Advice warmly welcomed.