Sometimes I get a little agitated with my husband, like when he leaves tools lying all over the kitchen floor.  As I pick up all the tools and take them to the garage, or clean up this or that mess, I recently started thinking... at least he's not licking pee off the floor.  

You can use this too, when a little something about your SO gets you irritated.

I was with my ex-boyfriend for 7 1/2 years.  We started dating in sophomore year of high school.  Broke up and got back together, cheated on each other quite a bit to "get back at each other", I went to a local community college instead of going off to a big state school where I had been accepted in order to stay closer to him, etc., etc.  The usual dumb stuff you do when you are in a first love, high school relationship.  Only problem is, I stayed with him for 5 years after high school, on and off, on and off. I know... Nooo!!

One of the things that really gets me thinking, "Oh my God, why didn't I ditch him for good after that?" (and there's quite a few), is the following scenario: 

Some background: I think this was about 7 years in.  He got really mean when he drank hard liquor. 
 
He barbequed and had been stumbling all over the house knocking things over and being a bohemith all night.  He stumbled into the bathroom to pee and I followed him as I had nice, breakable decor in there.  He fell asleep while he was standing there peeing and the stream went all over the floor and around the toilet.  I yelled at him that he needed to wake up because he was peeing all over the floor.  He did wake up out of his stupor and instantly became furious at me for... well... I don't know... me yelling at him for peeing all over the damn floor.  I guess you're just supposed to think that's okay.  

So he started yelling things like, "You're such a bitch," "You don't let me have any fun," "My BBQ was the bomb and you know it."  

I said, "I'm not cleaning your pee off the floor.  I don't care how drunk you are, you need to get an old rag and clean it up and then go to bed."  He said (and this is where it gets SO good), "What?!  I don't know where any old rags are!"  He proceeded to get down on his hands and knees and lick his pee up off the floor and off the bottom of the toilet.  I stood there in shock, not knowing whether to try to get him to stop and risk further domestic violence, so I just stood there with my mouth hanging open.  He didn't even make a "that's gross" face.  He just finished and got up and walked out.

I did stay with him after that for about 6 more months on VERY rocky terms.  I guess because ignorant, young love knows no bounds.  lol... :(

Now I see pictures of him and his new girlfriend on facebook and I just think, "Your boyfriend lapped his own pee up off of a bathroom floor and toilet."  

It really helps me put things in perspective.  My husband and I started dating about 6 months after I finally booted this goofball to the curb, and I've never been happier.  Husband doesn't drink, smoke, or act like a total douche.  He is completely respectful and we have a fantastic relationship.  He is employed full time and we bought a wonderful home 2 years ago.  The worst thing he does is leave small messes around the house (not pee messes).  This is only because he is so busy working stressful shifts, taking all the overtime he can get, and making improvements to our home, that he has barely any time to sleep.

The moral of the story is, if your SO ever licks pee off or around the toilet, leave him immediately.  If your SO does little annoying things here and there, be happy he's not a complete and utter nasty, gross human being.  You can live with little messes here and there.  You cannot live with a pee lapper-upper.