So this happened to me last week, and I'm so embarrassed I can't even think about it without bursting into tears: 

So I was admitted to the hospital for a thorascopic wedge resection of a lung last week. Basically, that means that they deflate one lung, put a camera and some cutting tools between my ribs, and cut out some cancer-y bits. This was my ninth cancer-related surgery in the last three years and my second thorascopic resection. 

The morning after surgery, I was off the ventilator, but still hooked up to an IV in each arm, an insanely gross drainage tube coming out of my chest and attached to this weird clear briefcase thing (hilariously labled "OAISIS" -- if your oaisis is full of my bloody lung soup, you have clearly annoyed the God of the Old Testament), and, of course, a Foley (pee) catheter. I didn't feel too bad; the intrathecal morphine hadn't worn off yet, so everything below my collar bone was a little hazy. 

But then I noticed that my parts felt a little...soupy. More than sweat could explain. I hit the call button and sheepishly explained to the nurse "I think I might have gotten my period?" 

"Let's see." 

There was blood everywhere. Blood had soaked through my hospital gown and my sheets. Blood down my thighs to my knees. Blood covering the Foley catheter. A bloody thumb-print on the call light. 

"Okay, so what do you want to do?" the nurse asked. 

I had no idea how to answer. I want this blood off of me. I want to go home. I want to never have another period. I want to spontaneously combust and burn to ashes out of embarrassment. I want you to be stricken blind for having witnessed my humiliation. 

The Foley catheter made it so I couldn't even go to the bathroom and clean up -- I had to lie there, bleeding and trying not to cry, until the surgeon returned a page with an order to remove it. It took an hour. During this time, my Dad came by with a cup of coffee, turned pale, and said he would wait in the cafeteria until things were settled.  

Finally the nurse came back with the order and a tech -- a male tech. They didn't even close the door before flipping up my gown to remove the catheter. I wasn't allowed my own underwear but instead was given these weird mesh underpants, kind of a softer version of the crotch of a pair of fishnets. There was so little actual material there that the adhesive of my pad couldn't stick to it, so I had to get up every 45 minutes or so to make sure that I wasn't leaking -- usually, I was. The nurse and tech changed the sheets, the mattress cover, and my gown with a kind of grim-faced efficiency that made me feel like a 150-lb sack of extra gross meat instead of a person. 

This is not exactly my first medical-related humiliation (so many chemotherapy shitting-my-pants stories!), but this one, for some reason, is an absolutely gutting humiliation. 

TL;DR: Made an accidental blood donation while tethered to a piss catheter. 

Edit: Thank you all so much for the kind responses! I feel so much less embarrassed having heard your kind words and embarrassing stories. I am so grateful for this community. Also, I wore a bra *and* went outside *and* somebody gave me gold yesterday; hooray, recovery!