I understand that this may be a controversial subject for some people so let me explain:

I am a woman studying physics. I found the environment pretty discouraging and for various reasons I dropped out. After gaining more confidence, I am sure that this is the right career for me except for one thing - the sexism.

I'm not usually vocal about my feminist ideas but being in physics again for just a couple of weeks has made me feel like I need to be one of the guys to fit in. It's hard to feel accepted in the culture. I know that I inadvertently created more problems for myself by trying to be an engaged student: I am in a leadership position in the program and now find myself leading a group of young men (women are not active participants in the club) who are happy to doubt my leadership abilities and aptitude in science...

I brought it up but the men I brought it up to didn't seem to know what I was talking about. So I looked up "physics and sexism" on google and found this article which explains it perfectly:

http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/cocktail-party-physics/2011/07/20/is-it-cold-in-here/

I am really sad that I even need to talk about this. I wish it didn't bother me so much. I want to have some other explanation like I am interpreting this the wrong way and there just aren't enough women in physics but I know that's not true. I can see women shy away from actively participating in the program. I can hear conversations and see behaviour which would make my female friends uncomfortable. I think that the men in my program are uncomfortable talking about it or don't even realise it's a problem and that's why they don't engage in a conversation about it.

But I don't know what to do. My young sister is interested in physics. She could be a physicist one day! But I don't want to tell her the truth of what struggles she would have to go through. Like me, she has self esteem problems. I want her to go into physics but I don't want her to go into my program as it stands right now because I know that she might drop out. I also get sad seeing the women in my program avoid participating, even so much as putting up their hands in class. But most of all, I want to just be myself without fear of needing to change to fit in. I am past being liked at this point. I just want to be respected...

tl;dr: Any suggestions on solutions to improve the physics academic environment for women?

N.B.
I realise that these issues are not limited to woman in physics. Neil Degrasse Tyson can explain this better than I can:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7ihNLEDiuM

Edit: I don't get what's with the downvotes.  If you disagree, say something.  I am pretty open minded to others' opinions...  

I don't care about being right or not.  I just want to find solutions instead of sitting back, complaining but doing nothing.  I want to inspire the women in my program to get together and help me do something about it, like building a community.  How do I do that when I rarely ever see the women in my program, and when I do, they don't stick around for long or speak up?  And the other reps aren't aware/willing to acknowledge of the lack of female involvement?  

I thought about going to the faculty about it.  Sadly, I don't know if they can do much...  It seems like my best option atm.  