I need to get this off my chest. I'm tired of telling this story, but I need to talk about it because it is bothering me. 

Saturday night I went out for a night on the town with a few coworkers. I got back around 2 am, was pretty intoxicated, and managed to lock my keys in my car. The drive from the bar to the complex was short as the bar was literally down the street, but I shouldn't have been driving.

Either way, I ran upstairs and got my sleepy roommate to unlock the door so I could grab a wire hanger. I changed out of my dress and into a loose t-shirt and shorts and went back downstairs. After a while of fumbling with my door, my keys were successfully back in my hands and I was ready for bed. 

A car pulled up behind my car. I stood at the passenger side and as the man got out and asked me if I needed help I just smiled and told him "no thanks! I locked me keys in my car but I've gotten them back, so I'm good now!"

He kept walking towards me. I stood there, staring at him. He was talking as he walked. 

"Look, I know exactly how things work. Women are inferior to men, men are superior to women, and every women in this works wants and needs to get raped." He grabbed my left arm and held it against the car. I popped off with "is this some red pill bullshit?!" Because A. I was drunk and didn't want to make any sudden moves and B. I had to mask the loud clicking noise that my 5.5 inch Smith and Wesson knife makes when it's opened. Having been born and raised in the deep South, I religiously keep it in the hollow of my right hip. 

He went on to talk about all of the extremely vulgar things he was *going* to do to me and pressed himself against me, flattening me against my car. 

He was shorter than me and I work out and lift weights every day. That and pure adrenaline made me capable of pushing off my car and spinning around with my knife plunging down towards his jugular. I stopped with the tip at his neck. I got in his face and put on my best crazy eye. It was then that I realized that he had super "buggy" eyes, like your typical meth head.

"Do you really wanna do this with ME OF ALL PEOPLE?" Drunk me was pissed more than scared at this point. 

He stumbled backwards, screaming obscenities the whole time with his hands in the air. As soon as he got a good distance away, I bolted. Thankfully, my apartment is around a corner and he didn't see where I went. 

Drunk me is quite the problem solver. You see, when I don't know what to do, my solution is PASS OUT. I woke up the next day and my eyes shot open. My memories seemed like a dream. I ran outside and found my window on the drivers side smashed. Lovely. At this point I called the cops. 

The police officer was amazing. After about an hour of communication between me and his PD, and find out that a guy with the exact same car, physical description, and clothing got the cops called on him about an hour before for domestic abuse with his girlfriend, who has the *same exact physical description as me*. He has been quite the trouble maker for a while now and they needed something to get him off the streets. I would be contacted by a detective and will eventually go to a lineup. 

The officer also told me that he had a gun. It wasn't on him when he pressed up against me. I would have felt it. But, the officer told me multiple times that I should have stabbed him in the neck. My dad also said the same thing. "He couldn't have shot at you if you had sliced him open". Drunk me was worried about liability and just plain not wanting to kill someone. 

I would love to say that I feel all badass and confident, but I spend every second in this complex  looking over my shoulder. I have nightmares and spend my time pacing in this apartment when I'm not at work. I am moving in 4 days. It was going to be a month from now, but I can't take it.

I have 3 more days of work. Then I'm gone. 

Edit: It's not a true reddit post without someone messaging me and telling me that the most traumatic thing to ever happen to me didn't really happen. If mods want proof, I have the officers business card with the case number and pictures of my window.