I think I suffer from watching too many Disney Princess films. My dream growing up had always been to get married, have babies and live happily ever after. Now I realize that's impossible. Even if you find the 'perfect' guy, get married, and end up with a cute house and tons of adorable kids, it's still not a fairy tale. It's a hard journey of compromise, bills, arguments and heartache. Not to say life can't be beautiful, I just think I've set up unrealistic expectations for my dreams. 
My question for all of you women is, how do you accept the reality of not being a princess and learn to be so damn strong? 
My hopes is I can learn to look at life as an adventure rather than a goal. I don't want to strive for one silly dream forever only to realize it's a sham. I want to take pride in each day and live it to the fullest. Women, what can I do to make myself stronger?

Edit: I'd like to expand on how I think the Disney culture is kind of messed up for girls. Growing up as a Disney girl, I've seen almost every female character's life become better after she found a man. Snow White, Cinderella, Aurora, Ariel, Jasmine, Tiana, Lady, Jane, Mulan, Belle (although it could be argued she made the Beasts life better), Giselle, Esmeralda, Meg, Nala, Maid Marian, Dutchess, Rapunzel, and even Anna. Even if they don't get married they all end up with a man. It almost seems like the end goal in life is to get a man and find romance. There is nothing wrong with love. The problem is there are very few Disney movies that promote a women having an adventure that doesn't involve men. Brave comes close by saying Merida doesn't need a man but the entire plot does revolve around men. Pocahontas is the same. She lets him go but the movie revolves around her relationship with John Smith. I'd say that Lilo and Stitch is the only Disney movie that shows a strong independent woman: Nani. Sure, Nani has a boyfriend but he doesn't solve her issues, he's just a side character used to add a bit of depth to the story. Nani also represents reality. She struggles to pay bills, take care of her sister and even has curves, which is a rare Disney trait. 
Anyway, that's just my little Disney rant. Still a huge fan of the films but wouldn't it be nice if they had more characters  like Nani?

Edit: Just remembered: Elonwy, Alice, Penny, and Jenny. All young girls who have no need for men. They're honestly too young for men but it's still important to note they are fairly independent characters.

Edit: You all are fantastic! You've gotten me to think about why I fantasize about being these characters and to also realize exactly what these characters stories really mean. I think I will be able to be much more content with my life as an actual person. :)