I love my body hair. I love it in my armpits, on my legs, and on my crotch. But my mother does not and she constantly shames me for it. 

The following is an letter to my mother, unsent as of right now because I fear her revenge. But it sums up how I feel, and I'm new to this sub and just wanted to know if this community could offer me any advice. *Just FYI, I currently live in a dorm, but I rely on my parents for food and additional income and and I see them regularly.*

> I am done letting you get to me.
> I'm done letting you ruin my positive body image, which I work so hard on to build. 
> I'm done letting you ruin my day, my week, and everything else. 
> You don't seem to realize how long your words stay with me. And, if you do, I choose to believe you don't realize how much they kill me inside. Because I choose to believe my mother would never hurt me like that on purpose. But no more. Rule number one.
> 
> Stop trying to control my body hair. If you love and respect me then you will love and respect my choices of what to do with it. This is not a matter of you protecting me from embarrassment or shame. This is MY CHOICE. My more-aware-than-you-about-the-politics-of-body-hair choice. Believe me, the last thing I wanted to happen on mother's day is to have you tell me my body isn't good enough for you, that you're ashamed of it, and to blame me for making you feel bad after I stood up for myself. You're being a bully. And I'm done letting you get to me. 
> 
> I will make my own choices about what to shave and when. I will not make those choices in spite of you or because of you. The point is that they will have nothing to do with you. Stop trying to make them about you. And most importantly, stop using shame to get what you want. Shaving is not an empowering choice when its made out of shame. 
> 
> Lastly, you can use my words to make my father and your friends believe what you want them to believe. Sure. Make it about how I hurt you on mother's day, and not the other way round aka what it really. But remember this: It will never be about that. This is about how you have wronged me, and continue to wrong me.  I'm done.  I'm telling you No More. Rule number one. Stop. Never again. Not one word. 