**TL;DR : my mom hasn't gone on a date in more than two decades, I need tips to give her to help her since she has some social anxiety**

My mom is in her late 50's and hasn't had time to date while raising me. Now that I've been out of the house for a few years she is super lonely and wants a companion. My friend mentioned to me that she works with a guy my moms age who is super nice and we set them up to meet for coffee tomorrow. He has seen a face picture of her and knows she is plus-sized, but i'm super nervous because everyone has different ideas of what plus-sized is. 

She has survived cancer and has fibromyalgia, so her hair is shorter than the picture and she walks with a cane. She tends to clam up to people when she is nervous because she has social anxiety. He knows she has fibromyalgia and says he is familiar with it. She is really smart and quick when its just me and her but if she is nervous with other people she can seem a little slow in her responses. I'm scared that the guy is going to be rude or awkward cuz of that. 

He works in a big old folks home and she told me that she's afraid he will think she's like one of them, instead of a date. He is a little more "hip" than her, he has a phone that can text and he gets a  lot of current pop-culture and jokes, my mom, not so much. She is very liberal though. But she doesn't like "rude humor" like fart jokes and beer? (although she has this weird soft spot for Borat???) My friend assured me that he is easy-going and wouldn't walk out if the date was awkward. Can you give me any tips to give her? Maybe conversation keys, or good phrases? 

Things in common: They are both parents of grown children, they both like outer space, apparently he is really into aliens, and my mom used to listen to Art Bell on coast2coast with me (its a radio program about the supernatural). She has lived all over the U.S. and it seems like he has too.  They are both in their 50's.

Finally, I'm scared that if there is no second date that she will blame it all on herself and think something is wrong with her. I would feel so bad and guilty if she was upset since I set this up.  

Edited for clarification.