I'm 23 years old. I just graduated college. And I'm currently trying to transition out of my job as a nanny into a full time, corporate america job. I just found out I'm pregnant this afternoon after being paranoid for a few days. I called the guy, who I was in a very serious relationship with at one point, but for the past 9 months or so it's been very rocky and I wouldn't even say we're emotionally committed to each other. 


I told him about it, and he was a HUGE DICKSKIN! I've had to get an abortion before, and went through a lot of depression following and told myself I would never do that again… I also told him. He also knew I wasn't on the pill. No tricking him. So I tell him, he's like well what do you wanna do, I feel as though the realistic option is to abort. He's cool with it. I text him a little while later telling him I don't know if I can go through with it. He immediately calls me and starts talking about lawyers and how hellish this is going to be. It feels like he's trying to emotionally manipulate or intimidate me by being like well if you have it I'm going to make your life a living hell, he talked about trying to get it taken away because in the past I dabbled with prescription pills. I know having the baby isn't practical, but emotionally I don't know if I can handle an abortion. And I feel like I have no support system right now because I haven't told anyone besides him. I feel like it's selfish to keep the baby and bring it into a world where I'm not in love or in a loving healthy relationship with the father. I feel like I could consider adoption but don't know if I could go through with that. I'd also feel like an asshole if I got a job under the pretense of not being pregnant and then having to tell them I am pregnant.

There's a lot of factors at play. And my thoughts are very unorganized, so I'm sorry if this was hard to read. Just needed to get it out since I'm not going to talk to any friends/family just yet before I know what I'm going to do or want to do.