I don't know if this will be an unpopular opinion or not but I just wanted to share my side of the tough abortion talks.

We are both 22 and live together.

I'm on birth control. Lately, my boyfriend has been wanting to use condoms out of this extreme fear that my pills aren't effective. I personally don't like condoms, but I understand his fears as there is that 1% chance.

This led to our talk of what we would do if there was an accidental pregnancy. I know we are both too young for kids (in our opinion), and I have worked with children in the foster care system. It is not something that I, in good conscience, could subject another child too. Therefore, since I started having sex, my logical opinion has always been abortion.

I didn't know this, but it freaked him out even more and made him adamant about using condoms. He didn't want to have to put us through making that decision.

A couple days later, we finally have another talk where it comes out how uncomfortable my "plan" made him. While he understands my logical stance on it, he does not believe he could emotionally detach himself from it feeling like murder. He said it would eat at him forever.

This hurt me, as I never believed my opinion to be bad, but I thought about it for a day or so and came up with our compromise.

I would be willing to put a child up for adoption under two conditions. One, we picked and got to know the chosen family during the pregnancy. And two, it was an open adoption so that I could be a small part simply to ease my mind that this child was being treated appropriately and in a loving home.

He was much more comfortable with this idea and last night was one of the most loving experiences I have ever had.

I guess I wanted to share this to say that, even though we have varying opinions on the matter, we can still compromise and love each other. Giving up my plan A was a little difficult as I don't want to entertain the idea of going through a pregnancy, but in the end it's about making a decision that both of us can live with.

I think women who have had abortions are strong and I'm glad they felt able to make the decision right for them. In this case, I want to make a decision right for both of us. I'm glad that I have a relationship where I can include him in the conversation and choose something right for both of us.