Hi :)

My boyfriend and I just got engaged and we want to marry as soon as possible (perhaps that's odd but we want to do it within the next two months, it will be a very intimate ceremony in the mountains with only a few loved ones).

We are both poor but madly in love and I want to have a gorgeous ceremony without breaking the bank. 
The most important things I feel confused over are...rings...I don't really understand if we should buy matching rings or something or what he would want. 

and the dress...I want a beautiful dress but I want a cheap dress and I don't really care about it being perfect. 

I also don't know what else to account for. 

we're both writing our own vows and we are not religious so the ceremony is mostly going to be about an exchange of words.

I was wondering if anyone had any advice on how to make the ceremony even more special while minimizing costs? or what did you do at your wedding that you enjoyed that isnt too extravagant? I don't really care about the wedding itself, I just want to be married to the love of my life, but I do want the ceremony/ritual is slightly important to me, I want  it to be beautiful and memorable.

What do you guys think?

Note: I've never been to a wedding so I really don't know what I'm doing.


**EDIT**: WOW, I love this community so much (I've been lurking for years). I just got back from work to find dozens of comments. I didn't expect so many responses. I am grateful to every single one of you, this thread is a goldmine of tips and it really helps me feel less stressed out about the entire thing. I am so excited to have my small, beautiful wedding. I'm still reading through them, I'm sorry I can't respond personally to all of you and thank you...This will be one of the happiest days of my life and I'm already experiencing the happiest days of my life with this man and I am so glad I have you guys to give me tips (I literally don't have a single close friend due to being an anxiety-ridden hermit for most of my life so I don't have any girl friends to talk to about this :( ... so this is extra fun for me haha, I'm sorry if that sounds pitiful). Thank you guys so much again ^_^