I just read an article at the Atlantic (http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2014/05/the-misguided-definition-of-rape-as-force/370954/) about only defining rape as "force" and how much damage that does. I'm on my period and it makes me want to cry and I'm at work ffs. 

I've talked about this experience briefly before with friends but it's clear I'm still trying to process it because it comes up pretty often in my head. I have this debate about whether or not I was raped. My friends had no hesitation in affirming that I was, but it took me 2 years to really realize that was a possibility. I think the link really rang true because of all the times I haven't said no or fought back when someone was touching me and I didn't want it - it explained perfectly why I would do that. I had to copy paste the story from an email with my friends because i didn't want to retype it.

so, what happened was I was sleeping over at my friend's place.  this was 2 or three years ago. I had gotten pretty high and maybe had a few drinks. I went to sleep in the separate bedroom, and my two friends who were dating went to sleep in their room. now, I had had a couple of threesomes with them before, and everything went well. Let's call them John and Jane Doe.

i'm woken up by John touching me. I'm really confused, but mostly confused because it's just him. had it been him and his girlfriend, it might have been a pleasant surprise. He continues to touch me and I start asking if this is ok with his girlfriend. I'm still about half awake and very woozy. He doesn't answer, so I keep asking. Eventually he says "Yeah, Jane's on her period," which isn't really an answer, but I relax a bit, thinking maybe she gave him permission? I might have said "OK" to recognize I had heard that, I'm not sure. I definitely didn't want to do it if she wasn't OK with it, and that wasn't clear, so I was confused. Things went really fast and we had sex. I was laying there like a fish since I was half-asleep. I don't even remember the entire experience coherently. All I know is it lasted about a minute before he stopped and apologized for it being so short. Then he apologized for not wearing a condom (!!) this is what tips me off: i'm not awake enough to ask about that, I'm not awake enough to tell whether he's wearing one or not and I'm like, oh shit, well good thing I'm on birth control. He leaves me to sleep in the wet spot.

I wake up the next day and am mortified. I pretty much know what happened wasn't ok with his girlfriend, but I try to pretend it is. I don't want to confront them about it, so I pretend it never happened, which blows up in my face later.

and i always thought, i didn't say no, i didn't push him off of me, sure he took advantage of me, but it wasn't rape, i sort of gave consent.  what also troubles me is that i didn't say no, but i usually say, well, i wasn't awake enough to know what was going on. and in other situations when i should say "no" or "stop", i haven't.

I don't know what kind of validation I am looking for, or advice. Just something so I can stop needling myself about whether I didn't do enough, was it really rape, how can I come to terms with the fact that someone I was friends with possibly raped me and probably doesn't think of it that way? He turned out to be a douchebag in several other ways, so I cut off contact. He apologized for jeopardizing our friendship when he told his gf about what happened - and he played it out to her like it was consensual. At the time I said I was "out of it", but I believed I gave consent - I think it was too scary to think otherwise? 