I have been in my current position for going on 5 years. I truly love my job. Without getting into too much detail, it is in the social work field (which is why this is really embarrassing for me to allow to happen).

 

I have a supervisor who has been acting inappropriately towards me and two other colleagues. I shamefully allowed the behaviour to continue for the past five years .... well honestly I am not sure why. I guess I didn’t want to “make a big deal” and I was kind of afraid no one would believe me. When my colleagues share similar experiences/feelings I guess I felt more empowered to deal with it.

 

Examples of some of the stuff that he has done are him placing his hand on the curve of my lower back, firmly grabbing  my arms/shoulders, rubbing my leg (happened once) and making inappropriate sexual comments/jokes (talking about is dick).

 

I was kind of worried to mention this to our coordinator because non-related issues between staff have been dealt with poorly in the past (like having accusers sit in a room with accused and confronting them).

 

Finally I got the nerve to bring it up to her in passing and she said to me “Why haven’t you told him to stop?” Looking back, I guess I just felt uncomfortable. He usually does it when other people are there and I feel like it would embarrass everyone present. I should have fully said “STOP” but it has happened so many times it would just be weird. I have distanced myself greatly and he started telling my boss that I am unfriendly and telling other staff that “She has changed”.

 

Because I mentioned it in passing, she has requested that myself and the other two women meet with her this afternoon so we can discuss it more seriously. I am really worried about how this is going to go down. How she is going to deal with it. How this is going to affect how we are treated from here on out.

 

I have a feeling he knows this is happening because yesterday a very uncomfortable situation occurred. One of the other females used to work at another organization and made a complaint against him in 2010 (four freaking years ago). She didn’t know him but was advocating on behalf of her client. Well yesterday he started telling her “I take care of my staff, I am so nice. I let you guys leave early. But you guys complain against me.” She thought he was talking about our meeting today and just said “I don’t know what you are talking about”. Then he printed out her complaint from 2010 and threw it on the desk. She didn’t know how to respond and he just walked away. She said she felt very intimidated. It gave me a very uneasy feeling too, to be honest.

 

I guess I am just wondering if anyone else has been in a situation like this and how it turned out. I am seriously anxious and nervous. I am worried because it happened so many times but I never wrote down dates. The other girls have written down dates because they are new and it has just started happening to them. 

Edit: to add to the situation, the other women are turning to me as "the strong one" and the moving force behind the complaint. That's a lot of pressure.

Tldr I'm super stressed rambling about a supervisors inappropriate behaviour