Hi ladies. I've been in a really negative place this past semester. Basically, I'm in a Master's program which is made up of 95% women and I feel like I'm constantly comparing my academic and professional success to theirs - even when I try not to. This problem is compounded by the fact that my program (higher education) is extremely incestuous and everyone is competing for career opportunities at the same place (or nearby) where they go to school.

For instance, three weeks ago I applied to a job opportunity in alumni relations at my university (and got an interview). I asked a classmate for advice (since she works in the department) and she told me, "Oh, X already asked me the same thing!" Then, I found out via Facebook (and overhearing during a networking event) that she got the job and I didn't. And this week it happened again - a classmate announced they got a job I had also applied to (and everyone congratulated them). What's worse is that I know job opportunities have been intentionally kept from me from classmates who share similar career interests - I know this because I asked someone about opportunities in their office and they told me their weren't any (and it turned out that there was a job opportunity they had applied to but not shared). 

I feel so disheartened by the whole thing - it would be one thing if I could apply to a job and forget about it but my program won't let me. I feel like my failures are in this giant spotlight and every time I go to class or on Facebook I hear about how another person got 'the job of their dreams' when I've been searching for four months and have found nothing. I feel like I can't function in professional settings (like networking event with my classmates) because I completely shut down. I feel like the only thing that is going to get me over this hump is if I can find a job, but all I can seem to do is look at my classmates with anger because I can't get over the feeling that they are stealing what should be my opportunities.

EDIT: Forgot to ask my question - Has anyone else ever been in a situation like this and what did you do?