First off, AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

My husband and I pulled a very stupid move, and didn't use a condom. And didn't pull out. It was a heat of the moment thing, and yes, it was very very very stupid. 

So of course, since then all I've been doing is freaking out over possibly being pregnant. Problem is, we only did this horrendously stupid thing 8-9 days ago, and I'm not due to get my period for another week and a half or two weeks. So I'm pretty sure it's way too early to test.

I have endometriosis and when we did it, it was *right* after my period ended, so I'm pretty sure I wouldn't have been ovulating and regardless, because of the endo I have a lower chance of fertility anyway. I keep trying to tell myself those two things. 

I also keep trying to tell myself that it's way too early to experience any symptoms of pregnancy, yet I keep noticing weird things. Firstly, my pee keeps smelling really weird, even though I'm not eating anything particularly different (no asparagus, etc). Second, I'm peeing a lot more than normal. Maybe I have a UTI? I didn't pee right after we had sex. I've never gotten one before so I'm not exactly prone to them, but it's a possibility. 

I'm also feeling randomly crampy in my uterus area, but I'm thinking those could be caused by my freaking out. Which could also be causing my CRAZY emotional-ness. Yesterday during an argument with my husband, I went from a 3 to an 11 in like, 2 seconds, ended up literally screaming at him and tearing out of the house. I keep crying at random stuff on TV. 

I don't want to be attaching meaning to everything, because I know that I could just be noticing all this stuff more right now because I'm freaked out. But at the same time, I'm very scared. If it isn't abundantly clear, I really don't want to be pregnant. I don't want to put myself through the emotional yuckyness of having an abortion. I'm just very nervous about the future right now.

So I just needed to get it off my chest, I guess. Hopefully I don't get *too* many "stupid slut" PM's. Thanks for listening.