Warning: this is long!

A few months ago, my boyfriend held me against the wall and punched me several times in the side of the head, then pushed me onto the floor and kicked me while I lay there. I remember him going into the kitchen and I was thinking “he’s going to get a knife, he’s going to get a knife and kill me”. This was at least the 20th time this had happened in our 3.5 year relationship. He tried to stop me from leaving the house, and when he realised I might call the police, he told me he would kill himself. So once I was outside, I took a few deep breaths, dialled 999 and said exactly what had happened - my boyfriend had threatened suicide and I couldn’t enter the house in case he hurt me again.

I was an idiot about the whole thing - I begged the police officers not to arrest him, I even tried saying I lied about him attacking me, I refused to show them most of the bruising under my clothes, and I gave a witness statement but said I would refuse to give evidence in court. But while he was being arrested, I sat in the police car with a kind lady officer who told me that I absolutely had to end this relationship, that nobody deserves to be hit. She talked me through what was going to happen, made sure I would be able to stay in my house, and before they took my boyfriend away they gave me his keys.

He was charged with assault later in the day, and it was explained to me that I didn’t have a choice in the outcome of this - the police had enough evidence to charge him and didn’t require my consent to do so. I said again that I didn’t want to go to court, but by that point I was already beginning to change my mind and realising that perhaps it was a good thing that he was arrested.

I honestly wasn’t prepared for how good I would feel when he was removed from my life. I was absolutely terrified of living without him, of sleeping alone, of being without the person who I thought I loved more than anything in the world. But the feeling of freedom I had was so amazing it's difficult to put into words - just knowing that I had nobody to justify myself to anymore, that I no longer had to worry about making him angry, that I no longer had to feel guilty for making another human being want to physically harm me. I did a lot of research on domestic violence while I was still in the relationship, desperately trying to understand what it was I was doing that was making him do this. It’s true that you can never see the full picture while you’re still in the situation. I never saw how much power and control he had over me until he was gone, and only then, it was immediately clear.

He pleaded not guilty, and a couple of weeks ago I went to court as a witness in his trial. It was one of the worst experiences of my life. His lawyer said I made up the whole thing to hurt him, and brought up the fact that I hadn’t showed the police any injuries etc. The lawyers and magistrates kept asking me questions I couldn’t answer - “How many times did he kick you?” “Between 5 and 10” “No, we need to know exactly how many”. Well shit, maybe I should’ve been keeping a tally while I was lying on the floor being attacked, but I didn’t. Sorry.

He was found not guilty. So as of now there are no more bail conditions, nothing to keep me safe. No grounds to get a restraining order. He is innocent in the eyes of the law and can turn up at my address whenever he wants to. I’ve found this difficult to deal with, if I’m honest. I find it hard to accept that his lawyer (who knows exactly what happened, and knows how my safety will be endangered) can stand up in court and create a lie to get his client off the hook. I know it’s his job. I know defence lawyers have an important place in society. I still find it hard to come to terms with, as a person who tries to live by a strong set of morals. Everyone in that court room knew he was guilty, and he was still acquitted. In my borough we have a specialist domestic violence court, where the magistrates and other staff are trained in domestic violence cases and there is a much better conviction rate. My case didn’t go there. I don’t know why, probably budget cuts etc.

The biggest issue I’ve had from people I’ve had to disclose this to outside of the police is the assumption that we must have “had a fight” and the police became involved. I often hear a statistic that most domestic violence is mutual, and while I don’t deny that that might be true, I can honestly say that whilst I wasn’t the perfect girlfriend (who is?) I never hit my boyfriend back. I never shouted in his face, I never called him names or even swore at him in an argument. I never, ever had any desire to hurt him, only to protect myself and to try to show him how much I loved him in the hope that he might understand what a real loving relationship is supposed to be like. About a year before all of this happened, I confided in a consultant clinical psychologist, the head of her department, whose response was "In DV situations we always need to look at the woman and what she's doing" and (I shit you not) "I'm sure if you start having more sex you'll find this will stop". I decided not to make a formal complaint.

He grew up in a home where he both witnessed and experienced physical violence and other forms of abuse, and so did I. Whether that is the reason we both ended up in this situation, I don’t know. He always had an issue with accepting responsibility for mistakes - his violent outbursts were always my fault, for interrupting him, for taking a wrong turn while driving, for “not caring”, no matter how much effort I put in. I did everything he asked of me, keeping a constant list in my head of things which upset him or made him angry, but the violence continued, and got increasingly more severe. He genuinely believed, and convinced me too, that in our relationship, I was the (emotional) abuser, and he was the victim, lashing out because he had no other option. I’m sure he still believes now that I called the police because I wanted to fuck up his life, not because I was so afraid for both of our safety.

Anyway, this has got long. The main reason I decided to share my experience was because I’ve read so many bad experiences of reporting abuse and violence to the police, and I want to share how good my experience has been. The police were helpful, professional, supportive, and non-judgemental from the moment I called for help. Please, if you are in this kind of a shitty relationship, if your partner commits a crime against you, please report it. The police are there for your safety and protection, it is their job to help you. The UK has a proactive prosecution policy towards domestic violence. This means that the police will always arrest the person who has attacked you and where there is enough evidence, they will charge and push for prosecution whether they have the support of the victim or not. I believe now that this is a good thing - regardless of the eventual outcome at court - had my boyfriend not been arrested, as per my request at the time, I would’ve gone straight back into a dangerous situation with someone who now had even more reason to be angry at me.

I won’t say that I’m doing well now, because that wouldn’t be entirely true. I have good days and bad days. I’m trying to keep myself occupied and distracted, and not spend too much time alone. I know that time is a great healer, so I’m confident that things can only get better from here :)