I've been with my boyfriend for a while and he has always been nothing but sweet and caring I love him and up until this weekend i saw my self with him for the rest of my life. My boyfriend and I went to a party with his co-workers whom I had never met. He never drinks a lot but that night he drank way to much so i had to drive him home to his parents. I thought it was very silly at first since I had never seen him like that so I was in a good mood walking him to the car. When I started driving  I wasn't exactly sure how to get home so  he told me where to go. After a couple of minutes I noticed we weren't going in the right direction so i told him he was wrong, he then got very mad and started yelling and yanking at my seat belt so I parked his car at a parking lot. I tried getting my phone to work but it died so I took his phone, he then started telling me to put "the numbers in a computer" I just ignored him since he wasn't being very clear and I kept telling him I was doing that. He then got furious and started yelling for me to look at him and since I didn't he grabbed on to my wrists and wouldn't let go. I got really scared specially since he had never done anything like that to me ever . I started screaming and yelling for him to let me go and I got one hand loose so I smacked him and he then slapped me back so hard. Then I started crying and I didn't know what to do so I called his mother and told her I was taking him then he tried to grab me again and the phone fell so I ran out the car and when he tried to follow me he fell and he calmed down. I then grabbed the phone and told his mother he hurt me but that he was calm so I'd start driving. On the drive back he kept yanking the seat belt and he tried to put it around my neck but when I yelled he moved back. He then started saying really weird things like how did I hurt you if you don't have feelings and "is it OK if I rape you". At that point I was close to his home so I felt like I was in a trance so I got off and helped him to his door. His mother answered the door and asked what happened but I couldn't even talk and the whole time my parents had been calling me so called back and they said they were on their way. His mother offered me a ride but I told her no since I didn't want to be near them. She then took him inside and he kept ranting about how he was afraid of me and how he didn't trust me and when I went near him and he yelled not to touch him, everything exactly how I had told him on the road moments prior. So she asked what I had done and I just walked out in time to see my sister in the front door. I ran to her and she hugged me and asked me what was wrong I told her my so had hit me and she them tried to run inside but so's mother wouldn't let her and she told my sister I had no idea what I was saying and she told us to go home. My father tried to talk to her but she said we had to hear his side of the story. So I went home with my family. My family was furious because they had trusted him and they were mad at his mother for her behavior towards me. The next afternoon he texts me that he's sorry but doesn't remember a thing and that his mother asked what I had done to him so I explained to him the same story and he felt bad and said he wanted to talk to my parents. I told him to clear things up with his parents because I thought it was unfair that they put the blame on me. He waited until the next day and he came over after that. Now I was raised to believe that men don't hit women and I always told myself I'd leave whoever laid hands on me. So he apologized and asked why I had let him drink so much and he said it wasn't him that he'd never do anything like that but I couldn't even bear sitting next to him because I was so scared and I felt like he didn't understand how terrified I had been that Saturday night so I told him to leave. Before he left my mother asked him to talk to her so they sat down and she (surprisingly calm) told him she was disappointed in him and that his mother owed me an apology earlier  he said his mother wasn't mean to me but my sister explained to him what happened and he said we were right. And this is where I'm not sure I did the right thing or not because even though he seemed sincere I told him I didn't want to be with him. My mother told him to try to get me back and now I'm sitting here in my bed not knowing what to do and I'm too embarrassed to ask for advice from anyone. sorry for the rant and thanks for reading .
tl;dr My boyfriend physically hurt me and I don't know what to do since he doesn't remember a thing.