Hi there, throwaway because I don't want friends of mine seeing this. Somewhat long.

I feel like people on this sub are really nice and provide some good advice so hopefully you guys can help me out! 

I'm a 22F and not a person who hits up a club every weekend, but I do go occasionally (maybe a few times per year for birthdays/special occasions). I've been lucky in that for the most part I haven't experienced inappropriate behaviour from guys at clubs. Within the last 2 months I've had guys that are friends of friends that have been a little too forward with me.

The first time I was dancing with a guy I had met previously, but he kept getting really close. 

Sidenote: I have a boyfriend, and this guy knows this (bf wasn't there that time). My bf is awesome and has no issues if I dance with other guys, however, I felt really uncomfortable with how close this guys was getting.

He kept turning me around to face him and pulling me close and it was just...I don't know...very awkward. I kept trying to pull back and at several points I was actually backing into things. He wasn't getting the hint but I was kind of at a loss at what to do/say. I've never really been in situations like this before so I told him I had to leave (I actually did need to go).

The second time was at a club for my friend's bday (with my bf, but he was elsewhere at the time of the incident). At one point a bunch of us were dancing in a circle and this guy that I had met that day (let's call him B) pulls me practically onto him and starts aggressively grinding. Pretty much as soon as he did that, a guy friend (M) pulls me off B, but he grabbed me again. It all happened really fast and I was kind of at a loss for what to do, but I just turned around and told B I had to go to the bathroom. It was obvious afterwards that B was totally trashed, but I still don't excuse his behaviour.

So, if you're still with me, thank you! My question is...how do I deal with situations like this? If it was some random guy I wouldn't have a problem telling him no, or to screw off, but these are guys that I will potentially be seeing in the future. How should I handle the inappropriate behaviour? I don't like having to run off to the bathroom because it doesn't address the issue and I don't want to leave because of some guy.

I also just end up feeling bad about myself. I always question what I should have done differently. M even made a point of saying "you need to tell guys 'no'", which I agree with, but how can I do this diplomatically with guys I know? I don't want to cause drama that may follow in the future. I hate that I always freeze in these situations or run off. 

Anyone have concrete advice on what to do/say to these guys without being rude? Or am I allowed to be rude? Halp.

TL;DR How to deal with guys dancing inappropriately with me when they are friends of friends?

Edit: grammar