My now ex boyfriend and I had been dating for 8 months. We met online and clicked immediately. Our first date was beautiful and lasted for almost an entire day just because we didn't want to leave. For six months out relationship was great. We went out together all the time, discussed plans for the future (including kids, careers, where we wanted to live), and although we both had very busy schedules and lived in separate states (NY and NJ), saw each other as often as possible and never had any apparent problem with the distance.

Two months ago we took a vacation together that he described as "the best week of my life" simply because we got to spend the whole time together. He said he felt more at peace than he had in a long time and wished we had a place together so we wouldn't have to travel so much. We discussed budget and the search for an apartment began.

Not long after this, maybe two weeks, he started to spend more time with his friends from work. This coincided with my boss becoming very ill and me having to work more hours, so I had no problem with it and encouraged him to go out and have fun. We were still looking for apartments and discussing the future.

This was around the first time he mentioned her.

A friend of his from work (R) was sort of seeing a woman named (K), and they would all go out drinking several times a week together. K brought her friend G one time and my boyfriend (D) mentioned her when talking about how the night went. I expressed some concern about him drinking so much because he had admitted to using alcohol as an escape and would get blackout drunk almost every time he drank, but he assured me that he wasn't drinking much and everything was fine.

Around this time, he began asking me more and more often to take sexy pictures for him and if he could film us having sex. I hesitantly agreed to the photos, but never actually got around to taking them because at this point he was seeing his friends so often, I was only seeing him maybe once a week.

The drinking and going out increased. He started drinking more often by himself at home, and calling me at all hours telling me that he didn't know what he wants to do with his life besides just have fun. He was rethinking having kids, all of his work friends were telling him it was too much effort and life should just be about having fun. He stopped talking about the future ("I don't want to worry about tomorrow, I just want to enjoy today!")and seemed distracted when we saw each other.

One night he got very drunk and we got into an argument. He grabbed at me several times and said he never wanted to have babies, that I was a bitch trying to control his life and he missed being single because he could do what he wanted. I cried and said if he wanted us to break up then we would, and he began to cry and apologize and say he didn't mean it. We agreed to discuss it in the morning when he sobered up and I went to bed while he stayed up to watch tv for a little while.

I woke up to the sound of him on the phone, talking to G and saying he wished he could have gone out. I got up and asked who he was talking to (I don't know why, I had heard it) and he waved me off. I heard the woman on the other end ask what he was doing and he said he was just hanging out. I asked why he wasn't mentioning the fact that he was at his girlfriend's house and he ended the call, told me to fuck off, and went to bed. I sniffed the cup he had been drinking from and it was pure alcohol, he had snuck off to my liquor cabinet after I went to sleep.

The next morning I confronted him and he said G was just K's friend and he had wanted to go out with all of his work friends the night before and had forgotten we had plans, so he was bitter and angry but didn't mean and was sorry. I accepted the apology but told him if he ever treated me like that again, we were through. He accepted and things seemed to go back to normal, almost.

He complained about being so busy with the end of the school semester that he had no time for anything. I went to him more often to try and make things easier, but sometimes last minute he would break plans because of his final project. I tried to be understanding, but my stomach was in knots. His phone was always on silent now and he would take a long time to get back to me, but always had it at the ready when we were together. We used to show each other things we were doing (playing games, reading articles), but now he put his phone away if I looked. On his twitter account, G started following him but had no posts of her own. He made a snapchat and said it was so we could chat more, but his top friend was always the same as G's twitter handle. When I asked he said she sent him stuff when the rest of them went out without him. I never saw any pictures and didn't know how to push more, so I let it go.

At this point we found an apartment and were going back and forth with the manager about setting up a viewing. He was excited, I was worried because it was near him and I would be uprooting my whole life to move there. After a couple of days of contact, D told me he thought it was a scam and told me to stop contacting the manager, so I did. This was maybe 2-3 weeks ago, now.

A little over a week ago I was at his place and on his computer was a folder with my name, he said it was all the pictures I sent him. I looked in the folder and there was another one that said sexy [my name], which he said was anything that showed more cleavage or he thought was hot. He sat on his phone and I looked at the photos, making little jokes until I found pictures of me topless and naked. During FaceTime conversations, I would sometimes get changed for bed. He took screenshots of that and saved them. I was upset and said I wanted them gone, he said he wanted to keep them because I still hadn't taken sexy photos for him. He ended up deleting a couple but I was still upset. I felt like I was making a big deal and he was getting upset, so I let it go. 

From then until just a few days ago, we decided to wait until our schedules were a little less hectic to continue our search and discussed plans for another vacation and my upcoming birthday. Thursday he came over and we went out to eat, said cheers to the semester being over, and talked about plans. When we went back to my place he grabbed a couple of things I had been asking him to take home, since I had work early and he wouldn't be staying over. He seemed distracted, but when I asked what was wrong he said he was just tired from doing double shifts at work and going to school at the same time. Again I let it go, but on the way to the train station when I dropped him off he wouldn't speak to me, wouldn't hold my hand and when I went to kiss him goodbye he pulled away and claimed he wasn't feeling well.

When he got home he called me and we finally had the conversation that I had been dreading. I told him I wanted to know what was wrong and I wanted an honest answer. He told me that he had fallen out of love with me a long time ago, that he had been planning this for a very long time. He wouldn't outright say that he was breaking up with me until I asked if this was his way of doing it. I asked why he wouldn't do it in person and he said because he was afraid of me getting violent, that he was actually afraid of me. I never even raised my voice to him let alone a hand.

Finally after some back-and-forth I asked if there was somebody else. He said it didn't matter if there was. I persisted. He admitted that he had met somebody else and I demanded to know her name. Again he said it didn't matter that I didn't need to know her name and I said I already knew her name but I just want to hear him admit it. He said G. I asked him how long it had been going on and he said for a while. He told me that he really cared about her and that she was special and he wanted to be able to give her a fair chance, not sneak around anymore. I told him something along the lines of they deserve each other, I don't quite remember because honestly I was so upset I couldn't even see straight anymore let alone keep my hands still. He said he would ship my things to me and hung up.

Now I'm left with this problem. He still has those pictures of me. He still has my things. Saturday I asked him when he was going to send them and he said that since he hadn't been home since he left my place that I would just have to wait. When I asked if he had been with her the whole time he wouldn't respond. I asked if they had been having sex and he said no, not yet. I asked if they had been doing other things. He said I didn't need to know that information because we weren't together anymore. I asked again and asked if it had been going on while we were together. He refused to give me a straight answer. We never used protection. I'm on the pill and we both said that we had tested clean, and me being an idiot took his word for it. My friend says that I should warn this other girl, especially about the pictures. I'm torn. I just want to get my things back and move on with my life. But I don't want somebody else to go through the same thing that I did. But at the same time I have a feeling that she knew about me the whole time and just didn't care because I know that he talked about me on Twitter and she did definitely follow him.

So what do I do? I told him I want those pictures gone and he said it wouldn't be a problem, but I can't believe a word that comes out of his mouth anymore. I want to know the truth about what was going on between them but I don't at the same time. This is the third relationship in a row that I've been cheated on and I'm giving up on the chance of ever finding somebody who will be faithful. I'm definitely getting tested but I'm going to be losing my insurance and I'm not sure how I can go about getting tested again in a few months time to be sure. I'm afraid of those pictures getting out. I'm afraid of the future. I'm afraid of the fact that I still love him. I don't know what to do anymore, I need help.