So, the woman who runs my department at my university has taken a severe disliking to me. I don't know why, and she's not dumb enough to admit anything about it directly. Suffice it to say, she has yelled/cursed at me, insulted me, called me things like arrogant, lazy, unprofessional, undedicated, mediocre, etc.

I recently had a departmental review, and several of the professors have said they felt bad about the things that were said there (by her.) I don't think her opinion of me is objective. That is to say, I don't think I really AM lazy, arrogant or any of the other things she has said. Granted, most people don't think that of themselves, but I've gone over and over it in my head and I've asked other people and begged them to be honest, and while I'm not perfect, I'm not as bad as all that.

Some people from outside the situation have said she might be jealous (I'm an art major, and although she has an MFA, we will pretty much be competing in the same shows after I graduate, at least in this my state). I think she might be offended that I taught drawing to some high school kids last summer at a camp without telling/asking her, but I don't need permission from the school to do that. I have also been known to be really harsh with a couple of my peers when they ask for critique on their work, but I usually realize it and try to apologize, and lately, I've been afraid to speak at all about other people's work for fear that she'll be even angrier.

When I got my work-study job, it was because she pressured my boss to hire me. She has used me to pressure other professors about department politics too, in very manipulative and vindictive ways. Since she has taken a disliking to me, she pressured my boss to hire her new pet student, so I've now lost my job and all the power and privilege and responsibility (and the paycheck) that came with it. I normally wouldn't be so bothered by it, but the thing is, the paradigm for my job was to hire someone at the end of their freshman year and let them work the job until their graduation. That's how it was with my predecessor and all the ones before me, as far as I know. I thought I had job security. But this is the end of my junior year, and now I'm jobless. No one else has ever been fired from this job, as far as I know. And while my performance hasn't been perfect, I don't think it was bad enough to have been terminated. I've always gotten everything done on time at the level of quality my boss desired. They didn't even tell me they had fired me or hired someone else or anything. My second boss just got an e-mail telling me to turn in my keys at the end of the semester, which I have never had to do before. This prompted me to ask my boss, and he told me he had already offered the job to someone else but that "I would be the first to know."

I am bummed. I am angry. I -almost- want to take it to an authority figure and do something about it, even though I'm not sure I have grounds to. I don't think I'm going to do any of that, though. Now that I've been fired, she doesn't hold any more power over me. I'm 21 years old, I'm going to pull on my big girl pants and get a real part-time job that will probably pay better and will be there after I graduate. I've got a job lined up for the first half of the summer, but in the second half, I'm going to come back to town and get down to business.

Do any of you have some wisdom for me? Tips and tricks on how to deal with a bully in a position of power? Ever been dropped on your ass and had to pick yourself up?