I would like to share my story of two separate occurrences that have drastically changed me as a person:

1. I was a young child and my sadistic abusive brother would make my life hell in ever way possible. One particular story that stands out was my brother and I alone for the evening in the home and out of fear (this was nothing new) I would hide in the bathroom, lock the door and push everything against it I could, like a laundry hamper and my legs.  My brother became so irate at this self preservation that he went into a classic rage.  After having to check out mentally for about 4 hours my parents return to find the scene, he had stabbed the door about 50 times with a large kitchen knife, kicked down the door and was on top of me cutting my throat with the same knife.  To this day he has never apologized, has never spoken of any of the hundreds of incidences like this, I truly believe he is a terrible person, just that simple.  Given I grew up in a very wealthy household all of this was hidden form everyone, no therapy for me, no special family talks about situations, no anything, not even my father protecting his youngest child who was almost murdered many times.  I hurt deeply inside and due to all the abuse I received as a child I have no memories of being young, don't know what elementary school was like, what field trips I went on, who I was friends with or what games I played.  I had no childhood and it pains me deeply.

2.  In college I am living with my SO and two more roommates.  SO and I end a 4 year relationship and go our separate ways.  Another roommate tries really hard for something physical, but I continually reject the offers and am very clear with my boundaries (something I learned from my childhood).  After a night of heavy drinking (liquid relationship therapy), I end up in bed with this roommate due to a lack of control on my part, again I was clear though, no touching, no anything, and I just passed out.  The next morning I am awoken by them having sex with me and the confusion and overall overwhelming emotion of hatred for this person instantly.  I had been waiting to have sex when I was first married, something without religious purpose, but something I cared about deeply at the time.  This was taken from me by a greedy and shitty person.  I went into the college offices to speak to people because I was in a rental contract with this very person and needed all the support I could get.  I was literally laughed at and turned away due to 'no evidence' and my word against theirs.  I still cry about it to this day, over ten years later.

Why do I say all of this?
1.  I need to get it off my chest, it pains me to think I am not alone in these situations, and that others experience this very same hell on earth.

2.  Sharing information can enlighten others to realities that exist, I appreciate support, but really I want a conversation on this, so others can learn from my experiences.  I am open for questions, responses, support and hatred. I would like a conversation as a result, feel free to join in.  If anything rubbed you wrong in what I said, call me out on it, so I may learn (and apologize).  

3. I am a male, my brother a male abuser and my female roommate a female abuser.  Both are people I will remember until the day I die, for the way they walked on me and took my purity in more ways than one.  Rape is rape, abuse is abuse.  The type of language used in this subreddit hurt me, literally villify men as a form of support to each other.  I would like to point out, I have suffered at the hands of a man, and it wasn't a gender issue, it was literally a physical representation of that persons hatred for themselves, much like a drug addict may push the limits so much out of self harm.  I was the victim yes, but it wasn't because of who I was as a person, quite the opposite.  I represented what they didn't have, morals and values.  And try as they may, I will never move on those.  Also, I do not look like one would imagine: I am 6'2" tall, with a shaved head and broad shoulders and a strong voice.  More often than not women cross the street when they see me walking alone at night, I am assumed to be the attacker due to my looks.  Yet my experiences say otherwise. 

4. I am genderqueer (see my two stories above for some background on why).  I believe we proliferate a serious amount of issues due to gender definitions in our society, things like telling girls looking pretty is part of their job, or telling boys they must be ferocious and fight for what they want.  I will not bash anyone, for any reason, period.  

5. I will never know what it is like to be a female, period.  Just like I will never know what it is like to be my brother and have a mindset that can justify such horrible actions.  I am extremely empathetic and believe that having an open mind that sees the other side of the story changes things. 

6.  I wanted my stories to be void of genders, not to hide that I am a male, but because I am genderqueer and see such strong male bashing here that it hurts.  I have never disrespected a womans boundaries (nor a mans), I have never physically attacked anybody, I have supported/stood up for men and women who very clearly were being abused in their relationships or by a stranger.  I live like I think all people should, yet my gender can make me feel like the bad guy in this subreddit at times.  This needs to change.  Emotional support can happen without bashing, empathy can happen without hatred, love ought to be shared by all.

I love you all, you are my family.  We walk this land together, share many things and are unique in others.  Please take my hand as we continue to walk this earth and make our home the most beautiful place possible, one where a smile is the norm, where support is everywhere, where everyone is respected and we can all grow into the amazing creatures we are meant to be.

-Harper