Throwaway because ex checks out Reddit.

Two years ago, I met a man online and we hit it off instantly.  He was in the process of relocating to my city, so the first couple of months were long-distance.  Soon we were talking on the phone at least an hour a day.  We had so much in common we both found it remarkable--similar temperaments and past experiences, same sense of humor, so many common interests it was scary.  Conversation was effortless.  He is very emotionally literate and it was amazing to talk with someone not only about our backgrounds and interests, but also about our thoughts and feelings.  After about a month he used the "L" word, which maybe seems crazy, and maybe it was.  But I felt the same way.  After several unsatisfying relationships with guys who weren't really compatible in retrospect, I'm not gonna lie--I had serious thoughts about a future with this person.  He told me he felt the same way.

After a few months, he had relocated and we made plans to meet.  We were both really excited.  We had exchanged pics; all seemed well.  But the day I met him turned out to be one of the worst, most humiliating days of my life.  We'd made plans to meet at his place.  When he opened the door, his face fell.  He was visibly not attracted to me.  But I was so caught up in all the feelings of recent months that I couldn't register his lack of attraction.  It just didn't compute that our romantic relationship, such as it was, was now over.  I went to kiss him; he kissed back, but without feeling.  We talked a little, and, god help me, we ended up in bed.  I wish more than anything that he had stopped me in my delusion and shut it down.  But there I was, undressing in front of this man I (thought I) loved, seeing but not processing that he didn't like what he saw, and losing what little scraps of dignity I had left.  

This craziness went on for the whole evening and into the next day.  We had sex several times (pity fucks, in retrospect); our conversations became increasingly interspersed with him snapping at me and literally cringing and moving away when I tried to touch him.  Eventually--it's so fucking humiliating that it took me this long--I asked him what was going on and he said, "I'm just not attracted to you."  I stood up, went to the bathroom and threw up, packed my bag, and left.  He called and sent emails asking to still be friends; I said no.  And that was it.  All I wanted was to crawl into a hole and die.

I'm the stereotype of the chubby girl with a pretty face.  I honestly thought this was clear in my pictures, which were current and accurate, but I only sent shots from the waist up, which obviously was the worst kind of mistake.  Apparently the whole of me, in the flesh, was not a package he liked in any way.  (To be fair, he sent similar shots, from years ago, so he was older and bigger in person.  I didn't care.)  We didn't Skype, I should have sent more pictures, I was an idiot, I've obviously learned my lesson.  It's so painful to think he was so disappointed and even that he perhaps even felt I misled him, which I didn't mean to at all.  Even now, it makes me nauseous to think about it.

I've had my share of failed dates and relationships but Jesus, I've never gotten the sense I was literally repulsive--I'm well-groomed, look after myself, dress well for my body type, etc.  Maybe you're thinking there's some gross thing about me I'm not telling you, but I truly don't think there is (and it's not like I haven't spent agonizing hours thinking about it).  Since this happened I've gone back to the gym and gotten into lifting weights in particular; I like that it makes me feel strong, I'm more toned, and I feel more confident in my day-to-day life.  But I just cannot get over what happened two years ago.  I feel so profoundly humiliated, as a woman and as a person.  He took one look at me and it was over for him.  I was so pathetically love-blind I couldn't see what was happening right in front of me.  I went to bed with him.  I took my clothes off, and can't bear to think now of what must have been going through his mind as he looked at me.  I became so repellent to him that he winced at my touch.  And then it was over.

My question is, how can I get over this?  I haven't been with anyone since then.  My romantic self-confidence, shaky as it was, is now shattered.  This has really broken me.  I thought a good man loved me, and then he saw me, and I was repulsive, and that was it.  I'm okay in my day-to-day life, but I still lie in bed some nights, and the pain is so electric I cover my face and cry.  Goddammit I'm crying now.  

I don't know what it will take to move past this, but I'd appreciate your thoughts.  Please don't be an asshole.  Unless you're blind you can see this is excruciating enough for me as it is.  Thanks.

Signed, Mortified