So to give you some back ground, I'm not a female, but I really feel like you guys would know what to say in my situation much more than I ever would. A really close friend of mine, someone I can open up to and talk to about literally everything, has been going through tough times recently, and I simply don't know what to say to her anymore. She is in a committed relationship with my best friend, and I have no intention of ever wanting to get with her, but I do want some advice on what to tell her.

So basically she is a fairly popular, musical theatre, Starbucks kind of girl, and insanely pretty, even though she doubts me when I tell her that. But anyways, she has some pretty bad.. Habits? For lack of a better word. She is bulimic, and anorexic, but some how maintains a healthy, sexy weight. But she also cuts and burns her wrists, legs, and breasts. I'm the only one that she has ever told, and I try to relate with her as best as I can, and spend as much time talking to her and hugging her through it, so she's never tempted to purge or self harm. However, I'm really running out of things to tell her. It doesn't seem like she's going to stop anytime soon, and I try to tell her that she's strong and to just fight it, but it's impossible for her it seems. I tell her that she's beautiful everyday, and that she has no reason to do this to herself, but she always tells me she just can't stop, and she's scared of gaining weight so she purges. And then to keep her mind off of how hungry she is, she burns and cuts her skin until the pain is unbearable and she has no choice but to think about how much her arms and legs hurt. She hates it when I tell her to stop, because it's not something new to her, she knows she should stop, but simply cannot.

To top it all off, she recently told my best friend ( her boyfriend ) what she does to herself, and why. He told her how disgusted he was with her, and that their entire relationship is now a disappointment to him, and that if he didn't love her so much, he would leave her. That sent her spiraling out of control, and I find myself now talking to her all night until 5am, or having someone knock on my door at midnight to stay the night, and all she does is cry her self to sleep in my arms. I feel like I've told her everything I can, and I've even googled some things that I find fitting to tell her, and this sub reddit seems like a perfect place to get some new POVs and things to reassure her with.

I love her to death, and it almost brings me to tears to see my friend of 15 years debilitating before my eyes. So I need someone to help me, just anyone who has an opinion, I would greatly appreciate. 

Edit: We're both 20 years old

Edit2: thanks for all of your replies, and I think it's obvious what needs to be done. I appreciate all of you taking the time to help me through this. It really had effected more than anything right now, and it's starting to dictate what I do. I will take her to get help as soon as I can, and I hope that all goes well.