i spent hours last night reading 50+ threads about abortion experiences, so i am posting my own as a small way to give back and hopefully help someone else the way i was helped.

i'd been feeling kinda weird and gaining weight for the last month, and finally got the courage to take a test yesterday afternoon.  double positive results.  i didn't even freak out; it's like i KNEW that it was going to say that and the test was only confirmation.  of course, i wasn't happy about it and had to take care of it.  i don't want kids (probably ever, but especially not now), and i've been taking the pill for months.  clearly i fucked up at some point, but moving on.

immediately called my local pp to schedule an appt asap - not sure how far along i was, and was paranoid that i was already too far gone to get it done.  the woman who answered the phone was amazingly helpful and nice and gave me tons of info (though my decision was made).  her office only did abortions on friday, so i'd have to wait a week and schedule around work, which was tough.  she then informed me that another nearby clinic had saturday morning (the next day! less than 24 hours!) appointments still available.  JACKPOT.

so i schedule my appointment and start reading reddit/the internet for hours, about other people's choices and experiences.  the medical horror stories scared me off and i was committed to a surgical.  i was hoping i could get at least a moderate sedative, but i didn't have anybody who could drive me.  still not really freaking out or sad, just kind of anxious about the actual pain of the procedure.

got to pp bright and early (7:20am) on saturday morning.  lots of time with administrative and waiting to go back (maybe 45min?).  when they called me to go back, they did the ultrasound and informed me i was about 5 weeks.  this actually made me happy because earlier abortions are easier abortions, and i was super afraid that i was further than i thought.  then back to another room for more waiting.

next step was the counseling bit, where they asked about my comfort with the decision, any pressure or support i had from others, bc methods, etc.  this went pretty quick cause i knew exactly what i wanted.  then they took a blood sample, bp, weight, etc.  then off to another waiting alcove, where they were playing beauty and the beast.  this was the longest waiting - first a wait to get my ibuprofen, then about 45min for it to take effect and get called into the doctor's.

finally get called in.  kind of freaked out about pain, but a bunch of other women had come in and out of the waiting area with no apparent trauma.  got undressed and sat down awkwardly for ~10min waiting for doc and assistant.  doc came in and asked if i have any final questions.  i asked how soon i would know the abortion worked (a little afraid about having to do it all again!), and she told me that as soon as she does her thing, she checks to make sure "the pregnancy" was fully removed.  so, all right.  she also told me it would take 3-4min!  so incredibly fast after the 3 hours i'd spent there already.

then she started the actual procedure, which you can go read the scientific details of somewhere else.  it was surprisingly NOT painful.  i was really worried that with only the ibuprofen i would be suffering.  it was some discomfort when she first opened me up (graphic, lol), then a pretty sharp pinch when she started, i guess.  the assistant was holding my hand and rubbing my shoulder the whole time, which felt super relaxing.  i could feel that my legs were super tense, which probably wasn't helping, and tried to relax them.  i was breathing in and out and really focusing on that.  yoga comes in handy when you least expect it!  then they told me it was almost over and i was very happy.  the worst pain was at the end when the cramps started.  i don't really get cramps in general, so it sucked, but they weren't ever more than a 6/10 on the pain scale.  then the doctor left to check for completion and it was over.  

the assistant stayed in while i cleaned up and got dressed again, then they sent me to recovery where i got a heating pad and a lounge chair.  i was feeling some cramps still, but it was more like discomfort than pain.  i had to listen to a 5-minute post-care spiel, and then talked to another nurse who confirmed the spiel yet again.  went to the bathroom to make sure i wasn't bleeding too hard, and then i was free to go.

all i feel right now is incredibly relieved.  from knowing i was pregnant to having it taken care of in less than 24 hours... i think if i'd had more time to worry about it, i'd be more of a basketcase.  but i just feel good and happy right now.  we'll see what the next week of hormones brings.  the one negative thing is that i'm out $500, but that's way better than a baby.