
Hi guys. I think I need some help here, and you've always been incredibly level-headed and helpful when people come in, so I'm sending out my own S.O.S.

Like the title says, a lead on my team (that is not my manager, but is above me) has decided that he does not like me and is in the process of trying to get me booted. I work in the recruiting department of a large corporate office as an RC (I pretty much just set up interviews all day), and he has recently changed my entire process to something not conducive to being able to consistently keep up with my work because he doesn't think the corporate SLA (service level agreement, aka when I get things done by) is quick enough. These SLAs are followed by everyone within the company who does my job, and he's decided I need to change process to suit him and the team. By not doing it exactly how he likes, he has decided that I am wasting time with candidates and I am the reason (out of everyone on the entire team) that we are losing them (which, let me add, we haven't actively lost candidates unless they don't want to move or they just aren't interested), even though I AM WITHIN SLA AND DOING MY JOB. Everything that is wrong comes back to me being the culprit, and he's taken this "data" to my recruiting manager as evidence that I don't know how to do my job. Let me add that I've been with said company for almost a year and the other lead on my team fucking LOVES me (feeling is mutual, he's great). 

The lead that I'm having issues with is relatively new to the team and has decided I am dead weight, and told one of my coworkers that "my time here is up." He's done this to others in the past, so his capacity to bite down and not let go until he gets what he wants is not something I want to just ignore.

I spoke with my recruiting manager today and didn't go in with a list of things, I literally just verbally vommitted on him and started crying (I know, I know, dumb dumb dumb), I was just so flustered. Before going to him, I spoke to 2 other, very respected former RCs who both agree with where I'm coming from, and agree that he's being ridiculous. I had great info from them to present to my manager, and then I just lost it out of being so upset. The lead, unfortunately, spoke to my manager before I could and so my manager was slightly biased while talking to me (he was trying not to be, but you could tell he thought I was exaggerating/being paranoid). We have another meeting tomorrow to go over the "data" this lead has come up with, and whatever else comes up. Literally anything he can scrape from the barrel he is bringing into this meeting. Even the fact that I won't make international calls when I'm WFH.

I'm at a loss, guys, I don't know what to do. I'm not the only one he bullies, he does it to everyone on the team, but I'm the one he's actively trying to get rid of and I'm dreading going to work and I'm just so...Sad. I'm not even at the point of anger anymore, I'm just sad.

TL;DR: One of my leads hates me, is actively trying to get me fired.