Sorry this post is so long...!

I started taking Loestrin 24 FE in September of 2013. The first five months or so were perfectly normal (typical light spotting issues the first month or two as are common when starting the pill, so I consider that to be "normal"). I still got periods, but they were significantly lighter than what I'd had before.

The fifth month is where things started to get weird. I normally take my pills at night before bed, but forgot to one night, so I took it first thing in the morning -- about 12 hours later. According to my pill, that's perfectly fine. Two weeks later, spotting, and I was 5 days away from the 4 placebo pills. Period came as normal.

Then, the next month, I spotted very very lightly in the first half of the pack... followed by no period at all during the placebos. Again, fell asleep before taking my pill just one time, but took it first thing the next morning, well within 12 hours.

After no period at all during the placebos, I started the next pack. 6 days into the new pack, I started cramping/bleeding... was light at first, then much like a regular period... and it lasted nearly a week. I've also been kind of queasy some mornings. Nothing that keeps me from eating, but sometimes I'm not as hungry as I used to be when I wake up.

My boyfriend (he's clean) and I just use the pill as BC. I've taken 2 pregnancy tests after not bleeding on the placebos -- both came back negative.

I've been a bit more stressed than usual the past 6 weeks, and I've changed my diet/exercise regime slightly the past few months. But I'm just a little paranoid that something could be up. Obviously concerned about the possibility of pregnancy even though the tests came up negative (the internet has lots of scary stories about this happening). I went to the doctor, told her all this, and her conclusion was to up my dosage starting on the next pack.

Any thoughts or similar experiences would be super reassuring to hear.

Edited because... I'm nitpicky about grammar.