Hi 2XC, I am posting here as I know the community is very understanding. I always knew that porn never set the right example in terms of genitals apperance so I never compared myself to those standards. Hence my understanding was that my genitals were probably average-looking, maybe a little bit on the hairy side... until I did obstetrics/gynecology as a student.

Having seen more than a hundred vaginas by now, from a wide range of ethnicities, I can say that my hairiness is truly out of the norm.

Let me explain how mother nature cursed me. I always keep my vagina shaven, trimed or waxed, but the rate at which hair regrows is phenomenal. If I shave, I already have 5mm by 3 days. If I wax, it takes about 2 weeks for half of the hair to regrow but with a much higher side effect of ingrown hairs. I have to exfoliate furiously everytime I shower, or if I don't I get ingrown hairs with pustules, sometimes bordering on small abscesses. Trust me I have tried not exfoliating at all, mildly and extensively and there is a clear inverse correlation. 

What I have never seen in any other woman so far is the sheer density of very thick dark coarse hair. I am not exaggerating when I tell you that each follicle is spaced less tham 1 mm apart, often times with 2-3 hairs growing out of the same hair follicle. 

As I said, I keep everything trimed or shaved but the density and thickness is clearly out of the norm.

I am very demoralized by all of this... I am afraid of being judged unless I shave daily to hide this problem (which is impossible timewise). 

The worse thing is that you would never imagine that as the rest of my body is not very hairy at all. My arms and legs have very very pale thin hair, and I don't even have to bother shaving my thighs. I also have quite few arm pit hairs. For context, I am a thin short Caucasian female in her twenties.

Before anyone tells me to get tested for PCOS, I think this is highly unlikely as I am quite thin (BMI 19), not hairy otherwise and have sharply regular menstrual cycles (literally precise to the day). 

I am very tired of all this hair removal... Should I get laser treatment? Anyone's thoughts or experiences in a similar situation? :(

thanks