OK, so I joined Reddit just to ask about this, lol. There is NO WAY in heck I am speaking with my mom about this, more later.

I will be entering high school next year, a year later than most because my parents elected to start me later (birthday on the borderline). But I have this problem, well TWO problems.

Right about this past Christmas, I started getting boobs. Yay! Right?  I spent the whole first part of the year thinking how far behind I was (I'm pretty tiny, used to be known as "Stick Girl" :(  ).  I was NOT looking forward to moving to high school.  

Then, about Christmas, my chest got really sore. Like, super sensitive, and at the same time All my jeans got too short, lol.  So, I tell my mom, and she's like "oh, sweetie, you're starting to get your breasts", and she says this out loud in the family room, and my brother gives me a goofy "well isn't that special!" look.  Anyway, mom took me out that weekend to look for a "real" bra (her words).

So, sure enough, I got boobs.  The problem is, they haven't stopped being sore, and the BIG problem is they haven't stopped growing.
Mom took me out two more times to by bras, when I complained.  The last time, I tried on a 32c and a 32d.  The "d" fit much better I thought, but I was freaked out.  My mom seemed angry - she made me get the 32c, and told me "that it fits fine", and that was the end of that.  She wears a 38c, by the way.  I looked one day through her drawer, because it would feel weird to ask.  Mom and I aren't "best friends". :(

Anyway, that was almost three months ago, and I haven't stopped growing. I'm now like two and a half inches taller than I was at Christmas, and I'm almost completely unable to wear the two 32c bras mom bought.  I brought it up like a month ago and she was pretty snippy about - said the ones she bought were just fine.  What's up with that???   Is she blind?

So, my friends and I were at the mall about a week ago, looking for clothes for the summer.  I said I had to go to the restroom and left them, but instead went up to the third floor of Dillards in the mall, where they have the lingerie. I was scared to death someone would see me or I was followed, so I just grabbed a handful of what looked like HUGE bras in the 32-34 band range, and ran into the dressing area.

Bottom line, the 32dd fit great! Didn't hurt, cut my shoulders, or just sit on the tip with globs of me hanging out. I wanted so much to be able to tell my mom that I had found a bra that fit, but...

I couldn't - 32dd freaked me out! And my mom was so irritable last time we talked about it, when it was a 32c.
Ok, so here's my questions - 

1. How do I talk to my mom?  Why does this irritate her so much? 


2. Now I'm STILL scared about going to high school, but for a different reason. I'm 5'3", weigh about 100 and wear size 0 or 2 jeans - and I guess a 32dd bra.  How are people going to treat me?  Will they make fun of me? Will guys be rude or hit on me non-stop?  Will my brother be embarrassed??  He already looks at me funny.  Not THAT way, but like he doesn't know me any more. he's 4 years older, and will be a senior next year


3. And I guess I should ask - am I OK?  Is it normal to go from basically nothing to 32DD in 6 months?


If anyone has any experience in this, please offer some advice.  I've basically got three months before I start school. I'm scared :(