Hi TwoX. This is a burner name because I'm not ready to talk to the people who might follow my real name.

This is a post about marriage and me questioning my actions. I am feeling alternately like a horrible meany and a doormat, and I need some perspective from the Collective TwoX. Here is the lowdown:

I am married to a guy who I really dig. We have been together 7 years total and have one kid together, I had one when we met who he loves and helps raise. Last October he tore his esophagus while eating and had emergency surgery, which was followed by a month in the ICU where he was on a ventilator and unconscious most of the time - he came close to death a few times. He recovered and came home in November. When this happened he was working as a contractor, so did not have FMLA protection, and lost his job. Luckily he had short term disability through the contracting firm, and he was approved through January. Once January came, he was not yet recovered enough to go back to work, but he never called his contracting firm or applied for a disability extension. Now he is more or less recovered, but is still not working or looking for work. 

We have talked about this once, and it was hard. He has a lot of very complex feelings about still being alive, and the after effects of being in the ICU for so long. That was about two months ago and at first I was very sympathetic. But that is wearing thin now. 

Since we have lived together, about 5 years, I have been the primary bacon maker. He was finishing his bachelors, then I had a baby so he was stay at home dad. He graduated last May, then got that job. I'm in grad school, and last year got the opportunity to start teaching - but that meant that I had to leave the bacon making job and take a job making facon - but with the promise of Big Bacon later on. The plan was that he take over some of the bacon making. Obviously, having a big scary thing happen was not part of the plan, but now I feel like I am the one carrying everything still, and that it is going to fall on me for a long time to come. Last week he said he was thinking of applying to grad school now rather than applying to jobs....

I am working two jobs and going to school and hardly making ends meet. I don't know if he just does not realize how hard I'm working or if he just thinks everything is cool...I know that I am not communicating well, but that is part of why I am here. I don't like confrontations, and when I start to talk about money and such, he gets all upset. Then it turns into a fight. I don't know what to say, and could just use some words of encouragement. Maybe some one has been here, and can tell me that everything will be alright. 
