Last night, I went out with some friends. I'll give them fake names here. Jacob and Kristen, a couple, who I work with. I am best friends with Kristen, and my ex, Sean, is best friends with Jacob. 

Jacob, Kristen, and I went out to drink, but we were all a little drunk. Jacob said I could stay with him and Kristen didn't mind at all. I had also taken a benzo per my prescription for anxiety, so I was loopy and very tired. Jacob was very drunk.

We went to the same place, and he insisted (even Kristen who trusts us fully) that I just share the bed with Jacob to get sleep and not drive drunk.

I did, thinking nothing of it. I've been going through a lot and Jacob is a good friend. I passed out next to him and he had his arm around me, but I felt safe because he was my friend and my best friends boyfriend. I feel into a deep sleep almost instantly. However, I started to stir because he was stirring, and then all of a sudden he was pushing himself into me. I looked down and my pants were at my knees and he had be pushed up against the wall. I didn't know what to do, I was still so heavy and tired and confused. I didn't tell him to stop, not right away. he moved me around and put himself on top of me. I started to think I was somewhere else, that this wasn't happening. But I still didn't say stop. Until i did. And then he pushed harder, so much that it hurt so I screamed but I think he thought I was enjoying it. Finally, he does stop. And then he starts slurring that he thought I was Kristen.

I know he was really drunk, but he was lucid enough to tell me not to tell Kristen. 

I don't know if this was rape, but I didn't want it. I also didn't really fight it. I feel disgusting and scared and I don't want to tell anyone. I'm so confused because we are all a close group of friends.

I came home and took a shower and self medicated until I couldn't feel anymore. Today I called out of work because we ALL work together (Kristen, Jacob, and Sean). 

I need someone to talk to. I need to know if this was rape. I need to know what to do. I've been sexually assaulted before, I can't go through this again. But was it assault?

If there is a better place to post this, please let me know.