(Kind responses only please) EDIT: this doesn't mean I only want to hear people that agree with me, just be nice about it if you don't, because this issue is about body shame and I would like a thread of comments that don't contribute to more shame.

I am a woman who loves and leaves all my body hair, but then I am not too hairy. I am not concerned about myself, but rather the many woman who feel they have to remove it to be accepted. I am interested in hearing from both women who like and keep hair, but also from woman who may love to remove it, but are still able to stand up for our rights to be ourselves and who can speak positively about their bodies even when they prefer another option, in the effort to support everyone. 

As hair restrictions become more intense, people have become less comfortable with all their body hair. When I was in High School in the 1990's, bikini line waxing wasn't a thing, and we all let it hang out, just like our mother's and aunties had done. Do we need to exercise our rights to keep them? Is this a use it or loose it situation? I let my few hairs that stick outside my bikini line (like 30 of them), stick out because I care so much about standing up for this right. Even when I waxed bellow, I made sure to let some hairs stay from my mons so that on my special trip to Hawaii with my husband, I could proudly brandish my bush flag. 

I do this because I know there are women hairier than I and I want to say - this hair is OK. You are OK. I believe it is time for a hair revolution, not to stop waxing, but rather to say WE CA DO WHATEVER THE F WE WANT TO and WE ARE STILL WOMANLY AND BEAUTIFUL because HAIR IS NATURAL ON WOMEN AND THUS IT IS INHERANTLY FEMININE. 

Is there anyone who does what I do, wears their hair like a badge of honor, and are there more of you willing and brave enough to do it sometimes?

Who is confident enough to do it with pride?

Is there anyone like me who feels their body hair is soft and beautiful and sexy and prefers it?

Are their any hardcore waxers who are willing to speak only positively about hair, even on their own body, or in the privacy of the bedroom with a lover, so that body love is spread rather than body hate.

Again, this isn't anti waxing or shaving, it is just pro freedom of choice.

Last year I saw a young girl with hair that grew from her temples onto her cheeks and towards her chin. It wasn't like beard hair, but rather more like soft head hair that extended way down her face. I thought she was exquisitely beautiful and that her hair was super fitting. She kept it trimmed short, but not shaved off. I wanted to tell her I thought she was gorgeous, but hesitated because I didn't want to put her on the spot. Have you had experiences like this and should I have said something to promote positivity?

Am I alone in my interest in creating a world in which our natural bodies are accepted and cherished as beautiful, even while we maintain our rights to choose to do whatever we like to them?
