 


  This is a little hard for me to explain, but I'll try to be as simple and clear as possible. 
 I feel like I'm going from maidenhood to womanhood. Let me give you guys some background here:

  I have always been TERRIFIED of childbirth and pregnancy, and just womanhood in general...I never understood it. I never could accept the fact that my body is made for the sole reason of bringing another human being into the world, it disgusted me. 
  My fears come from a number of different things in my past: I was raped a few years ago, I was in an abusive relationship with my ex-boyfriend, I was bullied by all the girls in elementary school, and I was abused by my mother as a child. I was always told (and shown by Hollywood) that childbirth is horrifying, painful, degrading, and traumatizing. I've also been shown that women are often raped, assaulted, and treated like objects quite often.
  As a result of all of this, I've always resented my body and femininity. I've been ashamed of being a girl because of what consequences come with it. I never saw it as a gift or something wonderful, I've seen it as a hideous burden.

  Anyone reading this may be wondering what being raped has to do with this, and it has been the catalyst to what I've been going through recently. I had repressed the traumatic memory of the time I was raped in my mind for years, with the help of booze and drugs. Once I got clean nearly 5 months ago...my mind began to clear. Memories came back...my mother beating me and psychologically torturing me. The teasing I endured as a little girl by my peers and even teachers. My ex-boyfriend taking advantage of me, emotionally and sexually. It all came back to me in vivid detail. Along with the memory, my repressed fears of womanhood/childbirth resurfaced also. I was devastated all over again. I have spent these last few weeks sobbing, screaming, shaking my fist at the sky cursing God. I have been consumed by fear. I have been afraid to have sex with my fiancee because of what happened. Every woman I've seen I can't look in the eye, because suddenly any female just seems so alien and foreign to me...especially pregnant ones. I am afraid to take a shower because I will be naked...and the feeling of the cold breeze on my naked skin brings me back to that horrible place. 

Anyway, with both the PTSD and the phobia of childbirth and pregnancy mixed together, I found myself in the middle of a strange sort of identity crisis. I didn't know how in the world I was going to heal...how I could possibly get over my fears. With the help from my therapist and my wonderful fiancee, I found that healing started with an attitude change. I decided I had to change my perspective on becoming a woman, one fear at a time. Recently, I've started with pregnancy, and the natural duty and obligation of a woman's body being a vessel for life. 

  That phrase I read out of one of my psychology books..."a woman's body is a vessel for new life," I felt the cogs and gears turning another direction in my mind...suddenly, an unborn baby in my body went from an alien-like parasite, to something the man I love the most and I created by our love for each other. My body suddenly feels like a warm home, getting itself ready for that one day that the time comes to keep our little one safe and cozy, instead of a host or an empty shell. The idea of childbirth no longer seems so violent and dramatic like they show us on television, but just another strange, weird process that our bodies happen to perform. 

  I think about that baby I'll have one day, I can see his/her eyes looking up at me and my future husband for the first time...seeing our child created by our love and struggles. I want to give that little one the life and kindness I never had.

  Yesterday, I was stark naked in front of a mirror, and I looked at every single inch of myself. I'm a woman now, a beautiful creature. 
  It was cold in there, but it didn't bother me in the least bit. 

 Sure, I'm still scarred by my past...by all those horrible memories. I still cry. I still feel detached and numb sometimes. But I finally feel like I've accepted what I am: a woman. 