Hello reddit,

I don't know if anyone can give me advice on this situation.
In the past year my sister(14f) has gone from living in CA with my mother her whole life to living with her father across the US. She has a bad past with her father, but was taken from my mom and ordered to live with her father.

Our home life was not good growing up, my mother is disabled and a drug addict. As a teen I left by choice due to being extremely depressed and her life seemed to change for the better. My sister had a much better life with my mother than I did, and I did not think I had reason to worry, because every time I went to visit things were fine and dandy. I still made it a priority to have a huge positive impact in my sisters life.

Last year it came out that my sister was depressed. She was in the hospital a couple days then required to have therapy. My mother did not follow through. At a counseling at school, it came out that our mother was using meth. I was not aware of this prior.
Long story short, my sister was briefly placed in foster care and a trial was set. My mother could not get clean and within 6 months my sister was sent to her father across the US. It's been 6 months.

The court required her father to move into a 2 bedroom from a studio, get her regular therapy, and have her in an activity she enjoys. He has done none of these. The case is closed, and there is nothing to be done because of this.
She has been in the hospital 7 times because of this. Is more suicidal and self harming. She wants to go to residential care.

I will admit that her fathers hands seem to be tied. He has tried to put her into a residential but his insurance will not cover it and he does not qualify for low income help. He is now touring a school this week that has therapy sessions any time the child needs; this school is for girls with similar issues.

He expressed to me yesterday that he does not know if he can do this anymore. He thinks she can snap out of it. He has lost his job and feels extremely frustrated that she is not willing to do her part. He mentioned possibly having the state take her.
I feel like part of that is because of his frustrations but in the back of my mind I don't know if I should make myself available. During court they would not allow her to be with me because he was a "non offending parent."
At the same time, I have a full time job and a toddler to raise.
Does anyone have any advice to give me?
Thank you.


Tl;Dr: sister (14f) was taken from our mother and sent to live with her father across the US. He hasn't been very present in the past. She is doing terrible and he is getting overwhelmed. Should I(24f) make myself available? (Get a larger place, etc)