**EDIT: Here's the update: http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/26o7js/update_boyfriend_has_never_introduced_me_to_his/**  


EDIT: Well, this kind of blew up! Lots of comments (I've read them all) and lots for me to think about. I really appreciate all the help and advice. It's definitely helped to talk about this.  

I'm not sure if this is the right place to ask, sorry. I hope it is OK.  

I'm feeling really torn up about this and on one hand I think I'm being a bit sensitive about it and on the other I feel a bit miffed. I'd love some advice.  

I've been with my boyfriend for 6 years. We have lived together for 4 years, we have a child and we have often talked about marriage since that is where we are headed (just we are saving for more important things like a house etc.). We have a pretty great relationship. He is my best friend, we are very open with each other and I trust him 100% that he's not cheating or lying to me or anything.  
The thing is he has never introduced me to his friends. Is that weird? I introduced him to mine. I'm scared that he's ashamed of me. He used to go out with them every weekend and while his friends often invited their partners he never invited me to go out with them (even before our baby). I mean that's fine, we all need time to ourselves but to never ever invite me out with them all? Now we live 200+ miles away from his friends but he still goes away to see them for one weekend every month and he never asks if I want to go with him (my family and his still live there, so I would be taking our child to see grandparents while he is out partying) he always wants me to stay at home.  
Now a few of his friends are getting married and the invites to the ceremonies and the receptions are all addressed to him and only him. I, nor our child, are invited while other people's partners and children are. He says his friends haven't got the money to invite us which is fine if that's the case but I just feel like the baby and I are invisible and don't exist to his friends.  

I don't know, am I being stupid?  

EDIT: Also when he is out with his friends he completely ignores me. I try not to bother him but sometimes I will text him because I'm bored/lonely/the baby did something cute/funny but he never responds, even when he's gone for the entire weekend. One time he was gone I was super scared because someone tried to break in to the house on the Saturday night and I left him a ton of voicemails and texts and he didn't even acknowledge them until he came home on the sunday evening.  

How do I bring it up with him without turning it in to a fight? Should I even bring it up? I'm happy for him to go out and all that, I'm glad he is maintaining his friendships. I guess I just want to be acknowledged. :/