I’m a 22F with anxiety issues. I’m upset about a social interaction I had this morning with a stranger I met in the parking lot at school. I was by myself at the edge of the parking lot (nowhere near my car), and then as a man in his late 50s gets closer he asks me where I’m from. I was so startled that I just responded automatically, and then found myself getting caught in conversation that just came out of nowhere.

He got around to talking to me about my major, his business, and networking, and then 5 minutes into the conversation he asks me to lunch. My immediate response is “Oh, no thank you.” And I feel that should be enough, but he asked “Why?” and don't remember exactly what came out of my mouth because I was *so nervous* - and I’m still tense right now, *ugh* – but I said something like I’m uncomfortable with that, and he asked why again… and this went on for a couple of minutes. I was getting super freaked and wanted to leave, but I didn’t want to be rude or have him watch me walk to my car or freaking follow me, so I stayed put. Which is also stupid.

After that weirdness the conversation was okay, and he gave me some advice about public relations courses and stuff. I was clearly being super awkward, yet he was nice about it and I used it as an opportunity to be more social, because I suck at that too.

I feel really stupid for just talking to a stranger who could have overpowered me if he wanted to, especially since I was alone and vulnerable. There were no other people walking around when we started talking. And I feel extra stupid for not having the guts to just ignore him from the get-go. The conversation lasted 25 minutes, and part of the reason it lasted that long was because I kept asking him questions to fill in the silence and not seem like I wanted to run away. He gave me his number so I could text him my number and email, and I was like “sure” but I’m not going to do that, even though I looked him up and he is who he says he is.

I’m trying very hard to come out of my shell and be less socially awkward and anxious about every little thing, but I think I put myself in a situation today that could have turned dangerous for me. I stayed in that situation because I am so desperate to be a better person socially that I think I’ve distorted what's okay to try and what’s not, and I don’t know how to be assertive and just say NO. This could happen again and I’ll browbeat myself to stay because I want to overcome the anxiety and grab a networking opportunity, but I think I’ll just keep making bad decisions.

I need advice on how to respond to someone if I get approached like that again. And do you think it was inappropriate for him to approach me like that? Because if he’s as successful as he said he was, you’d think he would know that approaching a lone woman in a lifeless parking lot and starting with “Where are you from?” is creepy. Or maybe I’m being touchy.

**TL;DR: Anxious female, long conversation with strange man in parking lot, please advise me on how to me more assertive and social in a safe way, because I’m clearly not handling this well.**

**EDIT: Your advice is just what I needed, thank you all! This really helped me clear up my own confusion and now I have some useful phrases and behaviors to practice. I'm off to hardcore study for my last final, with a clear head. And good luck to anyone else with finals coming up!**