[This](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/23hvwl/tonight_my_dad_beat_me_up_i_have_no_idea_what_to/) was my original post from a few days ago. 

So the morning after the assault happened, I ended up packing up a bag and going over to my ex-boyfriend's house, and I've been here ever since. I cancelled my bank account that my dad was a co-signer of and made sure I signed up for direct deposit for everything so I don't have to pick anything up, and I'm currently looking for apartments. No one in my family attempted to contact me for about three days after. We ended up talking to a police officer and reporting the case, and basically he said that it's not extremely likely that the case will actually get charged, and apparently that is how it is for most domestic violence cases unfortunately (especially since I didn't have more evidence than a couple small bruises). So that didn't sound too promising. After reporting the case, the officer called my dad and told him that I had filed a domestic violence case against him, and the day after my mom wrote me an email saying the things you would expect a mother in this position to say: she wished it had never happened, it's tearing the family apart, drop the charges, I wont be able to go to law school, etc...she said that my dad was very upset that I had pressed charges against him and that they could lose everything. She was *still* on my dad's side after all of this and I couldn't believe it. I wrote her an email back last night telling her *my* side of the story, because I don't really believe that my dad told her everything that happened, and why I cannot drop the charges and that I think I made the right decision. Almost immediately after I sent the email, my family repeatedly tried calling my cell phone, and I didn't pick up a single time, nor do I intend to for a while, or ever. 


So basically what it comes down to is, I'm scared. I really don't know what the outcome will be in all of this. I realize it is inevitable that it will tear my family apart, as I can never live with my parents again. I also realize that it is extremely important that I cut any financial ties with them. This means paying for grad school on my own, and they will probably stop paying for my insurance. I can't let them blackmail me with money anymore, like they did with my undergrad education. And who knows, maybe I wont even talk to them or see them again. I just don't know what will happen. Also I should mention that my dad still has not tried to apologize, even through email. I really think they still believe that I am at fault and not my dad. I think I may have mentioned in my original post that my dad has never apologized to anyone in my life. He's *always* right, no matter how badly he fucks something up; it's ALWAYS someone else's fault. I'm starting to speculate through all of this that my dad might actually have narcissistic personality disorder, and I really want him to get help for his issues. My goal isn't necessarily to get him thrown in jail. All I really want is for him to see why how he treats people is wrong, and eventually change his ways.


So anyway, I'm scared for a few reasons: I fear that my dad is probably really angry right now, and probably taking his anger out on my mom, so my mom feels forced to comply with whatever he says. That is what I imagine is going on. I feel bad that my mom is probably really worried about me and I don't want her to worry. I want her to know that I'm fine and I'm more worried about *her*. I also really dread going back to the house to pick up the rest of my stuff. I plan on going back in a couple weeks, probably during the day time, so my parents wont be there. I guess I'm kind of scared on the off chance they *are* there. I'm not planning to tell them when I'm coming back, because I know they'll be there if they know when I'm coming. I thought about bringing one of my male friends with me, because I know that in the off chance that my dad is there, he wont try to pull anything if there is a non-family member present. Unfortunately I can't bring a police officer, because they will only stick around for a limited amount of time, and I would need a while to pack everything up. I just want all of my stuff back and I think I would feel a bit more at-ease. I hate sitting here worrying that my dad is trying to destroy it or something.


Other than that I just really have no idea how this will pan out. I figure my dad will act in one of two ways, based on knowing him for 23 years: 1.) he will go (or has gone) absolutely ballistic and rage on my mom and brother, and be absolutely furious if he sees me again (for example if he sees me while I'm picking up my stuff), and maybe try to assault me again. Or 2.) he wont directly apologize or talk about the incident again, but he'll do something like buy me a really expensive gift, like a piece of jewelry, to try and "make up" for it, and get me to drop the charges. So, essentially a bribe. And then he'll use that to justify any of his bad behavior in the future. If you didn't read my original post, justifying abusive behavior with money is very common with my dad.


So that is the current status of my story. If anyone has any advice for me, feel free to say so, as I really have no idea what I'm doing here...