I don't know if this fully fits here, but I'm not really sure where else to go.


So, in February I started university and moved into on-campus accommodation. I've made a decent little group of friends since and overall, I've been loving it, but there has been some stressful shit happen that I don't feel comfortable sharing with people I know in real life. 

The first, and worst, thing to happen was one of my new friends was sexually assaulted, I'll refer to her as 'Jane'. It was the night of her birthday, we went down to the rec room and she had a shit ton to drink. I enlisted the help of one of the guys to help me get her back to her room, we got her back, got her settled and I nudged him out of the room in front of me. We went down the stairwell right next to her room, I went onto my floor and he continued down to his - or so I thought. The next day, 'Jane' text me and told me that he'd doubled back after I'd left and she - recognising the voice and having a certain amount of trust in the guy - let him in. I'm not 100% sure of the details, all I know is there was no penetration and she was fading in and out for most of it. This guy hadn't been part of the group for long. Our first impressions of him had been that he was kinda creepy - real smooth talker, charming and a heap of inappropriate jokes.
The next week or so, 'Jane became more and more anxious and felt unsafe - to the point where she was feeling suicidal. Later, she admitted that at one point, I had gone to her room and knocked when she was at a really low point and was about to seriously hurt herself. She decided to go talk to the on-campus counselors and asked me to go with her. Afterward, we approached the security guard we know best and let him know what happened; a report was filed and all of the on-campus security guys, as well as the accommodation staff, know him and are keeping an eye on him. The guard asked her if she wanted to go to the police, and after some consideration, she decided to file a report. However, she didn't want to press charges, she just wanted people to be aware of him, to prevent it from happening to anyone else.
Everything that happened freaked me out pretty badly. I feel really guilty and like I let her down - if I had've taken her back by myself, if I had've stayed with her a little longer, if I'd made sure he didn't go back, if I'd listened to my instincts, maybe it wouldn't have happened.


A few weeks later, we made friends with a few other people. One of them is a guy, 'Luke', who has since become quite close to 'Jane' and I. When 'Jane' admitted that I had prevented her from self-harming at one point, he brought up his history of self harm. That discussion, weirdly enough, left me feeling kinda panicky, and ever since if I get a message or see a blog post from either of them that seems 'off', I worry about them until I see them again and can reassure myself that they're alright.

'Luke' also uses me as a sounding board for venting about his family - they really don't get along and fight a lot - as well as issues he's had with other friends.


It may seem inconsequential, but throughout high school (and currently), my best friend struggled with a multitude of mental illnesses - a severe anxiety disorder, depression, and she nearly died from anorexia. Throughout this, I was one of her main sources of support, outside of her psychologist/doctors and family. 
When I moved for university, I selfishly hoped to get a chance to... focus on my self, I guess? The last five years have been revolved around constant worry about my best friend - I spent most of my time making sure she was okay and defending her from the assholes who seemed to get some sort of sick enjoyment out of triggering her into E.D behaviours or panic attacks. Whenever I attempted to talk to her about any problems I was having - even if it was something petty and I just wanted to vent - she'd spin the conversation into a 'well, at least you don't have to deal with x, y, z...'

I just feel so selfish, and like I'm letting my friends down for not wanting to be their support system all the time. I also feel like though I care about them, they don't give a damn about me. This last week, there was a death in my family and naturally I've been upset. The most I've gotten has been a 'my condolences' and the offer of a smoke.


I don't even know. Am I being selfish? Should I just suck it up?