My dad was an alcoholic when I was growing up. I didn't know it then; I am pretty sure kids usually don't. Looking back, I can remember the times after my parents' divorce where it should have been obvious to me. I can remember him falling backwards in a chair and smacking his head against the size of the house. I remember us getting pulled over by the police on a drive home and my dad tossing a blanket over his open beer. Didn't matter, I pointed it out since I was only 6 and didn't know what he was doing was wrong. Basically, most of my childhood memories of him aren't the best.

He wasn't a terrible dad; he tried. He was definitely a better dad to my sister. She was a tomboy and so much my dad's daughter, whereas I am more of a mama's girl if I had to classify us. Even when my dad had stopped drinking for his third wife (she was a former alcoholic and would not put up with any of it), he was still much more there for my sister than for me. That was mostly okay since his wife was nice and supportive of me, treating me like her own daughter, which was especially good for me since at this point my mom lived on the other side of the country. 

My dad's dry spell lasted only as long as his marriage. I can remember sitting on my couch during my sophomore year of college. He called me and he didn't sound right. I asked if he was drunk. He was and I hung up immediately. He had been sober for about 5 years and just decided to pick up again. His new girlfriend didn't help much as she was an overgrown party girl. His drinking this time around was different for me since I was so much more aware of what a problem it was. I did my best to encourage him to stop, to get help, but eventually I just stopped noticing. It was easy since I wasn't around.

Fast forward a few years. My dad is married to his party girl. She is nice enough, but I don't feel much of a connection with her and find her more annoying than anything, but I am polite. I find myself in the Peace Corps, 6,000 miles away when I get a phone call from her. My dad is dying. She is crying her eyes out as I tell her how to contact Peace Corps so that they can get me home to be there with them. I was working at a summer camp, so I wasn't even at home when I got this call. I pack up, jump on the next bus to my town so that I can grab my passport, and make a mad rush to the nearest train station thanks to a local friend with a car. I took me close to 60 hours to make it back home. Luckily by then my dad was no longer in a dire state, but he was sickly and so thin. All those years of drinking had deteriorated his body. I am not sure how he didn't expect this to happen. He blamed his brother a lot, rather than himself. He had seen his older brother, an alcoholic for a long time, drink and drink and drink, but he was "fine" he was "healthy". Thankfully, this was what it took to get him to stop drinking. I wish I could say it was for good.

He fell off the wagon last October. I found out when my step-mom called me crying saying he was drinking and threatening her. He later told me he ran out of his meds and didn't have any insurance to get more. He tried going to rehab, but they sent him home because it was a psych thing, not alcohol. I didn't believe him. I was pissed. He sent me angry e-mails, apologetic e-mails. I sent him an e-mail back telling him I was done and that I couldn't handle this back and forth. That I couldn't handle him putting himself back in the hospital and on the verge of death because he wanted a drink. I told him I couldn't handle listening to his wife cry on the phone to me not knowing what to do. It all just broke my heart. I vented all of my angry feelings that I had held against him for years. I ignored his e-mails, texts, and FB messages (I blocked him). 

I hadn't talked to him since. Come Tuesday, I found out that he and his wife had moved to Mississippi for work because he had finally found a job. I found out that I didn't have a working phone number for them. I asked my sister for his wife's phone number after finding out from my sister that when the ambulance arrived at their house, he had lost so much blood from internal bleeding that he should have been dead. I had just gotten to work and learned this. I broke down and lost it crying. I called my step-mom and found out that the surgery he was about to have was risky since he was took weak, but if they didn't do it he would die anyway. I came home as I was in no state to work.

Luckily, my boyfriend had worked from home on Tuesday and was here when I came home. Not too long after getting home, I get a call from my step-mom. He was out of surgery, but couldn't stop the bleeding, so it was only a matter of time. I hung up the phone and it rang again an hour later after he had passed. I didn't expect to be so upset. I really didn't. 
I thought I had convinced myself that it wouldn't hurt so much because we weren't that close, because he did it to himself, because ultimately he killed himself, albeit slowly.

I just needed to get this out. I was such a bitch to him in the months before he died, and while I do feel he deserved that attitude from me, it sucks that he might have died feeling like I hated him. My step-mom told me he really wanted to go back to work so that he could contribute to my sister's upcoming wedding as well as my future wedding. So as I was over here doing my best to avoid contact with him, he was still doing what he could to look out for me. How fucked is that?
