I found this subreddit on the front page and made a post to just get your opinion on this problem. It is an unique situation and talking to girls I know did not help that much.

Also, I don't even know if I should be the one talking to her about this. But, I can see that she is always flustered and uncomfortable whenever we are outside and wanted to help her out. So hear me out please. 

Forgive any grammatical errors as English is not my native language.

I lost my elder sister and brother-in-law in a car accident four years ago. My mother became my niece's legal guardian after that. Now, my mother is getting old (70+) and her health is not always peachy so she asked for my help, around six months ago. I always visited them over the weekends and mom asked me if I can move in with them permanently.

I adore my niece and she is my favorite kid in the whole world, So naturally I said yes and moved in with my mother.

I drive her to school everyday, we go shopping/movies together. If she wants to talk to a woman she always has her grandma around.

So here's the problem. When we are outside men stare at her and make her very uncomfortable. I have to admit I did not even recognize that she was uncomfortable until that day when she just clung to my arm and wanted to get out of the park. I didn't even know why. She did not want to talk to me about what made her so uncomfortable. I was able to identify the problem when we went to movies one day and caught some high school kids staring at her and she became uncomfortable and wanted to go back home. I honestly wanted to punch those kids but by the time I looked for them they were gone. 

I checked with my mom and my niece hasn't talked to her about anything at all.

What is the best way to talk to her about this? Is there a solution? I just want her to enjoy and have fun when she is outside and not worry about the pervs and creeps out there. Wish my sister was still here to help her daughter out or at least talk to her.





