I don't know what I'm looking for here, maybe to hear some encouraging words and read some other experiences? Basically my relationship with my boyfriend of almost 3 years is falling apart. I know in my heart that this isn't going to work in the long term but every time I think about this, I just want to try harder but it all falls back to the same pattern.


We really don't have any "major" issues other than communication, not knowing how to communicate. Our entire relationship issues can essentially be exemplified by what happened this morning:


My boyfriend is allergic to our cat. He gave me the cat as a present knowing fully well that he is allergic but he has opted to deal with it. I was extremely happy and grateful for the gesture though we did talk about that owning an animal should require a more thorough discussion next time and should not be a "surprise".


Ever since we got the cat, he's been having stuffed nose which causes him to snore. The snoring basically got worse and worse so I suggested him to see a doctor. He was basically prescribed anti-allergy med, saline solutions and some nose spray.


This past weekend, his friends from out of town came to visit and stayed with us. We live in a small one bedroom open concept apartment. They slept in the living room. Essentially for the 3 nights starting on friday, his snoring became the worst I've ever experienced. It was so loud that ear plugs essentially didn't do much. I couldn't sleep elsewhere either because his friends were here. On sat night I literally laid awake for 7 hours straight listening to his snoring. I did not get even a hour of sleep and basically crashed the next day/slept after he got up. I tapped him a few times throughout the night when I thought I would literally go insane if he didn't stop. So last night, after his friends are gone, I basically slept in the living room with ear plugs (and can still hear him), but at least I got a few hours of sleep.


So this morning, after a weekend of reading up on snoring on the internet, I asked him to go see the doctor again and see if there's anything else they can do. I didn't specifically told him the things I read on the internet (like sleep apnea) but basically said he's not really sleeping well either snoring like that. His response, like always, is negative. "It's no use. There's nothing more they can do. I've already seen the doctor. It's the allergies, it's the cost of having a cat. There are no other solutions. The only solution is to get rid of the cat. Do you want that?" He then proceeds to tell me how his friend's snores can move mountains but his gf never say anything to him but just to leave the room.


At this point I just got so angry. I haven't had a good night's sleep in 3 nights. I haven't been mean about his snoring. I talked to him calmly about seeing a doctor and honestly all I wanted was him working with me to find a better solution, if there is one. But no, of course he doesn't. All he can do is say "I'm sorry you have to experience that but  I'm doing all I can." then shot down me asking him to see the doctor. (We live in Canada so health care cost is not a concern.)


I got so angry that we had an argument. I packed my stuff and said I would sleep at my mom's until he's willing to work with me. He then told me to "not come back". Then after seeing that I meant what I said, he started to say things like "I'm not saying I'm not going to see the doctor. I'm just saying you may have to live with the reality of this. When did I ever say I wasn't going to see the doctor?"


At this point I was just so fed up that I left. I don't understand why we can just never have a productive and calm discussion. His response to any of my "suggestion" would be to be negative and defensive, then try to take back his words afterwards which made me even angrier. I know we both have issues but seriously I feel like I'm dealing with a child everytime I want to talk about something. 


This argument basically just exemplifies our relationship. I know I can't live with this kind of relationship forever. Everytime I try it just falls back to the same pattern. I want to break it off but I can never bring myself to it. 