I have seen a lot of posts about abortions on here and have seen how supportive this subreddit is so I thought I'd share my story in hopes that it would help me let go a lot of my baggage. I saw myself as always being pro-choice,  and I still am, but I never thought I would ever have an abortion. 

When I found out I was pregnant it felt unreal, it in fact never felt real until I went to the clinic and they did the ultrasound. At times it still never felt real. My boyfriend was against the idea of me having a baby the entire time. He would spend countless hours trying to convince me it was a bad idea and not always in the nicest ways. I knew it was, I knew I could never afford a child no matter how much I worked or how much I made, it wasn't plausible. I also didn't want to subject it to a father who resented its mere existence and couldn't fully love and care for him the way I would want him to. Our relationship, which was a couple months shy of a year at that point, wasn't in the best of places at that time either. My best friend was also pregnant, when I saw how excited her fiance was that's when I knew abortion was the right choice, because that's how I felt it should have been with us as well. Supportive, excitement, I had none of this. Every reservation I had just didn't matter any more. 

We spent our one year anniversary at a two week check up. The whole ordeal brought us closer, as weird as that sounds. And he has expressed guilt about how he approached the situation. But he likes to pretend it didn't happen so we don't talk about it much. I haven't really been able to talk to anyone about it. I flat out lied to my mother and told her I had a miscarriage just because at that time I was going through so much pain I just needed her. 

Next month will be two years since I had it done and I am now letting go of all the shame I have  held on to these past years. I hope to one day I can fully let go of all of it and talk to my family about really happened. I now know it's not something I should be ashamed of because it was the right choice for me. 

