Maybe this belongs in /r/rant but I figured that some ladies on here can relate to my frustration and possibly give me their thoughts.

I work retail, and get asked out pretty frequently, which isn't necessarily a problem; I'm happily in a relationship and very politely decline the advances. However, the more this happens, the more it irks me. These men know absolutely nothing about me. Our conversations almost never leave the range of general small talk. They don't ask me about my interests or try to get to know me on a personal level. It's all based on my looks. In fact, I am often surprised when customers ask me out because it's always the guys who don't really talk when I cash them out; always the ones who have minimal interactions with me. 

I understand that shyness plays a big role in it, but most recently I've been very disheartened by it all. Basically, this guy gave me his number and told me to call him, leaving before I could explain to him that I was not interested. He seemed like a pretty cool guy, so I didn't want to ignore him. I texted him giving him the usual bit about how I'm I am in a relationship and not interested in any romantic pursuits. I then mentioned that I do think that he's cool and invited him to be friends with me, if he didn't find it too awkward. He responded with 20+ text messages starting out with "It'd be too difficult for me to be friends" etc (totally understandable). As I read on I started getting disgusted. He had transitioned into sexting me, after I had put in a thoughtful effort to let him down gently and expressed my disinterest with clarity.

I'm just not used to such aggressive attention. I've been with women throughout the majority of my dating experiences, and the boyfriend that I have now is the first serious boyfriend I've ever had. I've gotten male attention in the past, but I guess that it's always been short-lived considering my lack of interest in men at the time. I will admit though that when this was the case I didn't really "look straight" (whatever the fuck that means). Now that I don't have super short hair and wear more feminine clothing, I feel like men have been scoping me out more frequently.

It's reached the point where I feel unwillingly disgusted when someone calls me beautiful. It isn't a compliment to me. It adds no value onto the person that I am or to all of the things that I've worked towards in my life. I can't help the way I was born, in fact I often hate it. I don't put any effort into my looks at all and try to be the least amount of flashy as possible so as not to draw any attention to myself. I don't even wear any make-up. This doesn't stop the advances. 

I feel like most guys don't give two shits about my actual character or personality. This is only further confirmed by the fact that I've known countless women in my life who are interesting, brilliant, intellectually-sophisticated and completely deserving of love and appreciation that are often ignored by men solely because they do not fit into the ever-inflating beauty standards put forth by society.

It makes me so fucking tired. I've met a lot of great guys, many of them being the closest friends that I've ever had. It feels like this was the case because my interest in them was out of the question at the time. Why can't this just be the case now? Why can't guys just ask me to hang out and be friends? Even if they do have an attraction towards me, why is it made so fucking blatant right off the bat without any prior knowledge of my other traits? It's like I'm a piece of ass or completely nothing. I'd rather just not have the male attention at all.

I don't mean to come off like a man-hater or anything. I know that society suppresses men within their sexuality in a similar way that in suppresses women in the confirmation of their abilities. It's hard to blame guys completely for their conditioning, but it doesn't make the issue any easier to deal with.

Do any of you have any insight on this or any advice to offer?
What have your experiences with this situation (or the opposite) taught you?
Thanks in advance for the replies.