(forgive the blathering writing style, weekend off, on a throwaway, he knows my main account)

I live in an out lying bourough of NYC. Born in Russia, came to the USA as a child, worked my ass off in school, got an MBA at 23, work in finance. In order to save $, I still live at home.

So I never learned to drive. I took lessons six months ago at a school and met this older guy who is an EMT and works at the school on the side.

He is older than my mom's age. To make matters worse, she dates a (healthy) 78 year old guy (still works, travels, super rich and super active.) who is my grnamother's age but looks and acts younger.

So driving school guy had employment issues years ago as a cop (won't explain) and barely makes enough to pay his bills. However, he is really sweet. He looks younger, is healthy, but has this mild depression thing. He helps my mom and I with chores and errands and little projects (builds our IKEA purchases and escorts us to the car service center).

CURRENTLY: Our relationship is friends but no benefits. I end up paying for things, ostensibly as a reward for doing me favors but I do enjoy his company. He listens. He is calm and patient. He does not go on about himself. He makes me feel safe when we are out in public. And yes, I have Daddy issues so there is that and now I want to have sexual experiences with him. He also knows how to speak russian (it was his thing in college). Charming for my family.

PROBLEM: Aside that he is over 20 years older and a bit paranoid. Example, he never wants to leave his apartment because it is rent stabilized. He never wants to leave nyc because you can get around with no car, etc.

MY CONCERN: We have sex and then I have to end it and he gets clingy or can't handle the break up. When we go places he is always scanning as if we are going to get attacked. When my cousin came to visit with her two year old baby girl, it was heightened to the point where he actually thought the girl was at risk of getting kidnapped in front of us. When were at parks etc. he held her hand and would not let her run off except in an enclosed playground. And even then he did this scanning thing as if some abducter was lurking in the shadows. But he was very sweet to her and every waking moment he was not working he escorted us to child related outdoor activities (which I paid for). 

This sort of annoyed me and made my ovaries gush at the same time.

TL:dr I am seeking techniques from experienced women on how to date an older guy without him getting clingy if it ends. Attentive guy can mean stalker. Ugh I have dealt with that before.

