First of all, I really don't want to offend other short women--I just felt like ranting about my personal issues with being vertically challenged. I know that society acknowledges that short men are treated unfairly, but I think that petite women also get the..."short" end of the stick.  
  
I know there are some celebrities who defy this, but it seems like the women who are considered the most beautiful tend to be tall and thin, like models. It's frustrating feeling like, no matter how hard I try to look good, I just look dumpy next to my taller friends. Clothes NEVER fit right off the rack, and I get so sick of salespeople telling me to try the children's section. (I'm in my mid-20's!!) It feels like I can't look very fashionable, because clothes never fit my petite frame, and the ones in the "petites" sections that I find look like grandma clothes. (Being short also means that a weight loss or gain of 10 lbs, which would be pretty normal on a taller person, can suddenly push you over either side of the line of looking scrawny or overweight...which can make clothes shopping that much more frustrating.)

  I also don't think super-short women get taken nearly as seriously, particularly the ones who look young for their age like I do. I've actually posted about that issue on here before, because it gets exhausting being treated like a child, being asked, "What do your parents think of that??" and, god forbid, "What grade are you in?"   
It's gotten a little better in the past few years, but I felt constantly overlooked for opportunities in my undergrad, and part of it was because I looked so much smaller and younger than my colleagues, even though I was typically about 5 years older due to starting school later. I rarely feel like I'm seen as an actual adult woman, let alone a strong or independent one.  
 
I've gotten so many comments and jokes about my stature since high school, that *most* of the time are supposed to be lighthearted, but it seriously gets old. Being called a 12 year old at 25 isn't cute anymore. 

  And god, don't even get me started on people picking me up! Ugh.  

Sorry for the rant, I just wanted to get that out! 