Reading this back I'm sure you'll all think I'm insane, but it's almost 1am and I'm exhausted and trying not to cry my eyes out, so enjoy 

I love my wife more than I can possibly say. She's the woman who I Want to spend the rest of my life with, and she's driving me insane right now.

Today, we are celebrating two major things: our sons second birthday and the arrival of our daughter coming home from the hospital. It's a truly wonderful time in life, and I should be celebrating.

But under all the joy, the stresses of real life continue, and are grinding me down.

My wife, usually very supportive and utterly wonderful, has started to become more irritable as her pregnancy continued. I know most of that is hormones, and also she was a little pre occupied with creating life, but she started saying some pretty rotten things to me, things of never dream of her saying. Name calling, swearing at me, and in general acting as if anything I say, or not say, is a direct affront to her. 

I pride myself in not being the stereotypical male that so many people out there embrace. I'll stay up with her or one or the babies until early in the morning and then go to work early to make enough money to let her live her dream: being a stay at home mom. 

I want to be there for her, I want to support and proved for her, but when she says that my "I love you" sounds hollow, and that I'm acting like an entitled Man. 

I don't know. Maybe this isn't the right place for this, but I'm pulling my hair out. I love her, and I know this will pass and I know she doesn't mean what she's saying, that it's her body being totally out of wack right now, but it's killing me to hear the person I want to spend the rest of my life with saying things designed to hurt me and make me angry, then I feel guilty about getting frustrated. 

I guess my question is: what can I do to make things easier on my wife?

EDIT: wow, thank you all for the advice and support. It was something. Really needed last night, and reading through the comments today helped me more than I could tell . Thank you one and all for the resources and ideas on how to get my wife the help she needs