Hey all, I'm a long time reader of r/all, so I've seen a lot of your sub before it became a default, and I've always appreciated the care you give each other.  With that in mind, I have some questions about how to help my wife deal with my upcoming death.  

Some background first:

I'm a late 30's dad with terminal cancer.  My wife and I have been married for 14 1/2 years (and dated off and on for 8-9 years before that) and I’ve been in treatment for 6 ½ years now.  We have 2 children, 1 girl and 1 boy, who are just about to turn 7 and 10 respectively.  I am lucky as hell to have survived as long as I have, but unfortunately things point to me not making it too much longer.

My wife is a wonderful woman, who has gone through hell with this, but is much, much more emotionally reserved than I am.  She went through some rough shit as a young girl, and as a result built some damn high walls to protect herself.  She very rarely cries, and even more rarely lets anyone in through those walls she (when we got the recent bad news, her mom came to me to ask how she could help her daughter).  

In addition to this, with me being diagnosed with cancer out of the blue (and being in good shape, healthy, etc…) then our daughter being diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at 3 years old, and no family history for either one, she kinda feels like the world is out to get our family.  Combine this with a strong type A personality, and you get someone who wants to protect her family from the world - a situation that is bound to fail. 

She has told me many times that a major coping mechanism for her is pretending that I’ll just go on living, and she doesn't want to talk about her fears, etc.. much, and I respect that as much as I can, but I worry about after I’m gone.  I worry about her crashing with all the weight she carries, I worry about her sealing herself off from the world emotionally, and I worry about how this will affect the kids too.  

Any insight from the other side of the gender aisle would be welcome.

Additionally, I also wonder what I can do now that will be meaningful for my daughter as she grows up. 

(As a side note, dying sucks.  Especially when you have a lot of people you care about.  My advice: Do your best to avoid it.)

EDIT:  Thank you so much for all the responses!!  I will get to all of them, I am having a rough time with chemo right now, unfortunately...once the itching, bleeding, nausea and muscle cramps are done, I will read and respond.  
