So, to preface: I consider myself an average shaped 24 year old - I have DD breasts and I am fairly slim. Not supermodel shape, but I eat fairly healthy and actively TRY to stay this way.

This week, I was invited to a coworker's daughter's birthday BBQ. She invited the entire department, as a lot of us have kids her daughter's age, and we are a pretty tight department as it is. I have hung out with her family multiple times, so it wasn't a crazy invitation. However, the woman asking, plus **three other women in my department that are attending** have told me (NOT ASKED) that I could not wear a bikini to this pool party. I would understand if it were because there will be small children there, but their reasoning is worse: they are afraid their husbands will stare at me, and they are insecure about their own bodies.

I was told that if I go in the pool, I would have to wear a large, baggy tshirt, and that I wouldn't be able to tan myself in my bikini. They said that because their husbands would be there, they didn't want me wearing anything except "a trash bag." I've laughed off most of their comments but finally asked if they really thought so little of their husbands, to which they responded, "no one wants to see Baywatch running around when we are all covered in stretch marks and McDonalds marks." I'm not a mother, so I of course cannot relate to the self consciousness that comes with stretch marks. I am, however, 6'0", and covered in stretch marks - albeit a different kind, from growing too quickly. I can't change these and I've come to terms with them. They're a part of me.

My question is: what do I say to them? I tried telling them they were making me uncomfortable, in a very polite way, and they insisted it was all in good fun, but then added the caveat, "but come on. Really. Wear a one piece."

I don't own a one piece. I'm not going to spend money on a bathing suit that I will wear to a coworker's daughter's birthday. I'm tempted to just not go, but they keep adding guilt on and saying that they already told the kid I would be there and that I have to come. Mostly, I am sad. I'm sad that they don't feel comfortable in their bodies and I'm sad that they think it is okay to make me feel uncomfortable about mine. There is nothing wrong with *any* of our bodies, and I wish they saw that. So how do I get them to understand how awkward this is making me feel?