First of all, everyone should know that *indirect harassment is a thing*.

>This involves conduct that is not directed at a particular individual but results in an overall poisoned atmosphere. This can include:

>* demeaning nick-names, sexist or racist remarks, stories or emails, unwelcome jokes and cartoons, nude pictures, displaying of racist or bigoted pictures or materials; and

>* exclusive behavior and social isolation of one employee by others; and

>* any other pattern of unwelcome conduct that creates an uncomfortable or hostile work environment for one or more employees.

>Indirect harassment also includes conduct/remarks or malicious gossip about an employee that are not directed at him or her at the time.  If the employee becomes aware of demeaning remarks or gossip and is adversely affected as a result, then such indirect comments may constitute workplace harassment.

*From http://www.mfrresolutions.com/crucial-facts-about-conflict/workplace-harassment-and-bullying* 

Ladies, in my 16-year professional career, this is the first time I've really experienced anything like this. One of the senior managers at my workplace calls people inappropriate nicknames (one of them racist toward South Asians), intentionally excludes women from non-work social events like happy hour or sports games & tailgating, and badmouths some of his direct reports to their peers. *edit: all of this has happened in front of me multiple times. He tells me stories using derogatory names, bad-months my own team members to me when they aren't around, and invites my male peers to a "team happy hour" right in front of me and another woman, except that only the men from the team are named. I fear confronting him because I fear he will come up with his own name for me and bad-mouth me to others... If he doesn't already*

He recently told a male coworker to thank him for putting "eye candy" (a female coworker) on his project. and I've about had it. I've considered talking to this manager, but if I do so, I feel I have a high risk of not only getting my own nickname, but permanently damaging my potential to progress my career here. 

I've weighed my options, spoken to my boss about it, and am going to this director's boss tomorrow to formally report his behavior. I'm nervous about it, though I know I shouldn't be, but it's time to put this to an end. 

My purpose in posting here is this:  No one should ever have to work in an environment that is toxic, whether to themselves or others. Everyone should know what indirect harassment is, and that you have a right to work in a place without it.

**edit** My formal complaint will be that he is engaging, as my company defines it, in "Misconduct or Inappropriate Behavior"  - not Harassment - because while he isn't necessarily breaking a law (maybe?) he is breaking several of our company policies.