I need some advice...

Last night was the first time I had a sexual experience more than kissing with a really nice guy who I have been seeing for about 1.5 months. I first became interested in him because he was just so easy to talk to and to be around. I felt like I could be myself around him, so I pursued him by asking him out, texting him first, trying to flirt. Pursuing a guy was new for me, but I felt like all the extra work was worth it.

We are both college students and while I have had a couple boyfriends and hookups, I'm not extraordinarily experienced. The guy I'm seeing however, has never dated anyone at all. I'm pretty sure I was his first kiss, which I'm fine with. However, I am not fine with doing all of the work and with getting almost no reaction out of him when I flirt or try to get close to him. Everything I do that is remotely flirty or romantic he ignores, avoids, or acts like it is just friendly. For example, we were cooking dinner together recently and he was looking at something. In order for me to see what he was looking at I stood slightly closer than normal to him... and he moved away. This happens constantly. When we're at parties, we dance like we're friends. We've never held hands while walking or watching a movie. Whenever it comes time to say goodbye, he backs away from me or walks away like everything is chill. We've only kissed twice, once last night (we had been sitting in my bed snuggling for like an hour and I had to ask "will you kiss me?" and then he kissed my forehead once before I teasingly said "Oh come on, I want more than that"), and once when he was in my room about a month ago. I'm frustrated. All the really strong feelings I had about him and the ability to feel comfortable to be myself around him are mostly gone. Not because he's not nice, but because every advance I make on him is shot down and I feel like he doesn't get me like a romantic partner should. I know he has feelings for me, as our mutual friends have told me, he always makes time to see me, and he is always seems happy to be with me, but he doesn't express those feelings with words or actions (except very rarely, like last night and even then only minimally). 

I want those strong feelings to come back. He is a great person, but I need more romance and more openness and essentially, I want to feel pursued too, but I don't know how to do that. I want to bring it up and talk to him about how I feel like we act like we're only friends when we're clearly both interested in something more. I've been trying to for a while, but I don't know how to do that or when a good time would be. Help?

My second, slightly different problem, which is me just probably freaking out, is that last night I gave him a hand job (after he had already stuck his hands down my pants, I don't understand why he could do that but not kiss me...why??) and he came. We wiped it up with paper towels and then he tried to reciprocate for me, but now I am worried that he might have had cum on his hands... He didn't actually stick his hands into anything important and I'm pretty sure all the cum had been wiped off his hands (if he even had any on them), but now, of course I am worried about getting pregnant. Is that possible?

