I'm usually a passive redditor, applying votes when I really like a comment or pic, but I'm in a situation that I could really use the community's input or support on, so here goes.

In Jan 2012, I started working on a contract basis for a family-run business that provided an online community platform for a niche hobby.  Initially, I handled email customer support, often completing 50% more cases than my co-workers. By March 2012, the father (CEO) and daughter (COO, my age) asked me to join the company full-time as her assistant because I "was too smart and too valuable to be in customer support."

Over the next two years in such a small company, I became a Jack of All Trades - marketing outreach, publishing, event planning, project management, online media, visual arts, public relations, B2B account management, plus executive assistant duties.  I pretty much handled everything the CEO, COO, and VP didn't either have time, nor interest in doing, like conference calls, report writing, and presentations.  

In addition to those actual office tasks, they had me running their personal errands, entertaining their children at times, baby-sitting co-workers who got too drunk at company events, planning their vacations, etc.  The CEO and VP have a pretty raunchy sense of humor, and since I was "like family" to them, I was often present for some really impressive sexist and off-color jokes.  The CEO was also touchy-feely, patting my stomach once and asking how I stay so rotund if I don't eat that much during a company lunch.  Since I had the type of relationship with him where I could tell him to f*ck off, I dealt with it that way, and preferred that he sent that kind of attention towards me than the other ladies I worked with because it made them so uncomfortable.

When some co-workers started high school-esque drama after our CEO announced I was his favorite, my COO said it was up to me to figure it out and smooth it over because I was "the rational one."

I worked an average of 65 hours a week and hardly took any days off.  Even vacation days, they'd call me because something couldn't wait. But all of the downsides to working for a such a small company didn't really matter to me because I loved what I was doing and I loved them.  The COO and VP were good friends of mine, especially since we're all the same age.

For my performance reviews in 2013 and 2014, I received nothing but excellent marks from them.  Having gotten a mid-year raise in 2013 when no other staff member did, I wasn't due for a raise in 2014, but I got another 5% raise with a 5% bonus plus 2 extra vacation days because, in their words, I "work harder than anyone else in this company."  By the end of 2014, they saw me joining the executive team.

In late March, I was moved to an Ops mgr position that had me drawing on my skills and previous experience as a customer service manager and B2B account manager.  According to my COO, this move solved all their problems with the poor service the support team had been giving.  Everyone was really excited about this transition.

I spent much of April getting that sorted out while working on another project that the VP had all but abandoned.  I worked every day for a month without a day off while the executives took a week off for Spring Break.  When that project finally finished at the end of April, I took a couple of vacation days to visit my family, still checking in and helping co-workers with items, and returned to work on a Thursday.

Wanting to do a post-mortem on the project, the CEO, COO, VP and I trudged up to the conference room and settled in.  Then the CEO told me that my position was ending.  At first, I thought he was joking because he started my review with that same line earlier this year, but then he continued that it was for no other reason than financial.

I just stared, mouth agape.  Finally I stammered that I'd just been given a promotion and was really looking forward to turning that department around, and you just gave me an unexpected raise.  All at once, they started explaining that I was their favorite, I never complained, I'm so much fun, I bring so many fantastic ideas and qualities to the company, I have so much heart, etc.  The COO and VP started getting tearful, at which point their dad reminded them firmly that "the decision has been made."

So I got a severance and a nice letter of recommendation.  My family, friends, and other small business owners I know think that if they wanted to trim the fat, so to speak, then there were other ways than to get rid of their most personally invested, longest term, most experienced, and well-versed employee. Considering one employee was fired earlier this year for performance issues and another recently left the company, and there's one staffer who can only be relied up to make errors or watch tv on her phone during work hours, it seems something smells bad in Denmark.  I'm finding myself emotionally stuck.  I've lost jobs before, that sucked, but this was soul-crushing.  How can I move on without having that vindictive yet worthless feeling in the pit of my stomach?

Oh, and the kicker is that we had a huge event just before my vacation where I made a lot of business contacts so they've been calling me non-stop.  Talk about awkward as I explain I'm no longer with the company and then have to text my former bosses that so-and-so needs help with this or that...

Thanks for letting me vent.

Tl;Dr: Rug pulled out from under me when I got laid off the day I got back from vacation after working in a family business with whom I'd grown very close to for 2 years.  Bosses always gave glowing comments about working with me, even when they were letting me go for financial reasons. Both a raise and promotion given to me earlier this year so I'm at a loss and not sure how to move forward.

edit: clarity

edit #2: Wow, thanks for the responses! I am an ass kicker but I definitely tried too hard to be agreeable instead of assertive.  Whether or not I stay "stuck" is my choice because fuck them.