I've known since I was 8 years old that I didn't want to have biological children. My logic then was "if there are so many children that don't have parents, why would I want to bring another kid into the world when all these kids need someone to love them?"

My logic hasn't really changed greatly, and the reasons I don't want biological children have expanded and enumerated. I would have to go off antidepressants for up to over a year, which would kill both me and the baby, literally. That alone should be grounds for actually listening to me about this choice. My career field means I would have to take leave really early along, and that is just no, forever no. My career field (and my boyfriend's) also means I will never make enough money to support my pregnancy.

Don't get me wrong, I like kids. I currently work as a nanny while I get my degree, and it's the best and most rewarding job I've ever had. But pregnancy and birth? No thanks. I won't even babysit kids under the age of 3.

The only time I waver is, surprise!, when I'm ovulating. And I know it's solely hormonal, and once I think about being pregnant, my stomach turns. Nothing about being pregnant or being a mom to a newborn is appealing to me.

I'm 23. It's been 15 years I've known what I want from my babymaking parts, which is nothing. But no doctor will even discuss it with me, waving me off as "oh you're young, you'll regret it."

So?! If I regret it, *I* will regret it. It is *my* choice. It is *my* decision, and you, as my doctor should not let *your* conscience color your treatment of me. Stop telling me I don't know what I want, because I know exactly what I want. It's to the point that I have fantasized about threatening my doctor I'll go to Mexico to get sterilized. Which honestly sounds better that arguing with doctors up here.

If you're here just to comment and tell me the same things my doctors have, I'm sorry but you can just screw off. I know you didn't want kids and had a surprise baby and OMG you love being a mom. But you and I are different people. I might love being a mom, I probably will. But I never, ever, ever want to be pregnant and mother to a newborn. And I never, ever, ever want to have to deal with a surprise pregnancy that I will absolutely, without hesitation, abort.

If you're my age and managed to get a doctor to agree to sterilize you, tell me your secrets because I am friggin grasping at straws here. /rant

Edit: And you know what? This implies my doctors all think my ovaries will override my brain one day, which is just extra fucked up.