Does anyone else have these kind of days?

I have a great life, amazing job, nice house, etc. I know that people love and care about me, but sometimes it feels like I annoy the shit out of them. I think I care too much about their approval, even though I know that they approve of me most when I'm just being myself.

My best friends work with me. I'm not disclosing what my job is, but the setting I work in is basically like a giant family. My boss and coworkers are the best people I know, and we are all super close. However, there are these days where I feel like I'm the odd one out. It feels like I'm the younger sister in a family full of older siblings that are always going to be cooler and more successful than me. I get really worked up in gaining their approval sometimes, and I will feel left out when I'm not even being excluded. My coworkers are older and more experienced than me, and I'm a few generations behind with more room to grow. They're naturally cool; I'm naturally awkward.

The problem isn't that my life revolves around them. I have other friends and other interests. But having other things to be happy about doesn't take away that pang that I sometimes feel. Sometimes I just want to scream and cry because I love these people, but I'm so goddamn awkward and annoying sometimes. I know I can get on their nerves. They don't get that they are my favorite people to be around. I want to be all cool and collected, but I also want them to know that I'm upset so they can give me some comfort, but I also don't want them to know that I'm so attached, so I just try to get over it. 

Then I go home and isolate myself and cry in bed that night and pretend that they (OR a crush, or a celebrity crush, I don't even know) are here with me and hug me. and then I get over it and move on with my life and act normal again.

>>>>>ALSO!, I have noticed that I often (not always!!!!) meet a new person, feel 'meh' about them, then notice something really cool about them, then suddenly develop a really big crush on him, then slowly just like him as a friend only. Does anyone else get like that?

So yeah. I know I sound really dramatic, and I promise I'm really not obsessed with them. I only feel like this once in a while, but it still bums me out when it happens. I just want to know if I'm not alone, if other people feel this way sometimes. Stories are appreciated. xo