I am 21 y/o and just moved across the country with my 30 y/o boyfriend.

Super long story short, I am not a cheater, never have cheated. I had an old boyfriend of three years who mutually broke up with around Sep-Oct. of 2013. I started reconnecting with my current bf (we were past friends) in November, even though he lived across the country we got along super well, and I recently moved across the country for him a month ago.

Fast forward to last night. I get an angry e-mail from my ex (who has a severe history with depression finding a drunken post I posted a while ago when I was down saying I wasn't interested in my new boyfriend and was lost (I immediately deleted it the next morning, feeling it wasn't true and I was being stupid). He told me I cheated on him, blah blah blah, making me feel like shit.

And what do I do? The dumbest, most regretful thing. I played sorry for him, telling him I loved him and missed him in an e-mail, that I made a mistake by moving, because I didn't know how else to comfort him. I definitely never cheated on him! We were over, and I guess he always thought things could rekindle. I moved on and didn't even start dating my newer SO until two months or so ago, (April 2014) and I moved on before our break up. 

So I delete the email, and hurt start crying to my SO saying what happened and how I wasn't a cheater. (It hurt me so much because I did/stuck around a lot for him, and that wasn't me. It made me furious along with having a low depression month after my grandfather's recent passing) I didn't tell him about the e-mails I sent back, because I didn't want him to know honestly. I didn't know what to do, I felt stupid and lost. And I know, I KNOW, it was wrong.

Fast forward a few hours later, my SO wakes me up hurt because he saw the e-mails. He was confused, thought I was telling the truth in them (of course he did, why wouldn't he) and we talked for a few hours while I balled my eyes out. Worst of all, he saw the reddit post about him which made me so so sad, because I deleted it so quickly and my ex got a hold of it and e-mailed it to me, I of course didn't want any one to see it, I felt like it was a journal entry. He forgave me when I explained everything, which was bold and mighty of him since his ex of three years cheated on him a ton with multiple men.

We talked more this morning, and things seem to be a little better. I am still heartbroken and in so much regret, I have been crying on and off. I also wrote an email to my ex saying the truth and that I wasn't coddling him anymore.

I don't deserve his forgiveness but I will do everything in my power to prove my love to him. This is a super summarized version, so if you need elaboration I will. I just want to know if anyone has ever been in this situation and how I can go about gaining his trust back? I know it takes time, but I want to show him I would never, ever, cheat on him. I just had a stupid mistake feeling low and vulnerable, but I would never touch, or kiss another man while being in a relationship.

Thanks for reading and any advice.