The title pretty much says it all. Using a throwaway because many of my friends are redditors. 

This time last year, I made a great new group of friends. They were fun, went on adventures, and seemed to have hobbies they cared about. But over the course of this past year, things have... changed. 

They've become obsessed with their genitals.

Guys and gals alike, it's all they ever talk about and all they ever want to do. Topics of conversation used to vary; we'd talk about TV shows, current events, gossip, pretty much everything. But now, all they ever talk about is gender theory, getting laid, who they want to fuck, things shaped like genitals, how to become more sexual, why polyamory > monogamy (sex-wise), and pretty much anything having to do with their penises or vaginas.

And to be fair, there's nothing wrong with talking about these things. It's very important to create a dialogue about gender theory and polyamory, because the more people talk about these ideas, the more the rest of the world becomes aware of their importance and relevance. 

But seriously, they WILL NOT talk about anything else. Every conversation turns into a circles jerk about how they're cooler than "normies." Hell, I've stopped going to their parties because they all turn into orgies. 

I feel like I'm going crazy. These people are really the only friends I have right now and they're not bad people. They're really nice, smart, and funny! And I've tried changing subjects and asking them to speak less sexually, but nothing comes of it. 

I just can't handle this over-sexualized lifestyle. I have no hangups about sex (and I'm by no means "vanilla"). I enjoy sex as much as the next girl, but it's not my life. It's gotten to the point where I feel like I'm being judged for my worth as a potential sex partner rather than as a friend. Everything is so shallow now. And it's making me feel so lonely.

I'm in my mid-twenties, and I have no idea where to make new friends. And I don't know if I should keep trying to make it work with the friends I have or if I should give up and crown Netflix as my new best friend.

I'm not sure what I want to hear from you guys. I just don't know what to do. I miss the days of childhood where friendships were just so easy. 


TL;DR: My friends have become overly sexual and it's making me feel excluded and lonely because sex seems to be all they care about anymore.