So my friend is having boy troubles and, as a man, I don't know what to tell her.  From all my experiences with them, he always seemed like a really nice guy.  He is the best boyfriend.  I don't really like to go into *why* he's a nice boyfriend because the list goes on.  Really just a good dude.

Now for my friend.  She's fickle, whimsical, unnerved easily, and insecure.  I know her very well.  She likes to sleep with random guys on the weekends (when shes single) and she likes to... ahem... party.  Shes sexually liberated (which I love ;)) and she is a really fun girl but has her own issues too.  Anyways, here's the issue.

Her boyfriend is currently taking classes at the uni near where we both lived.  My friend, let's call her Claire, already graduated but is younger than the guy.  She's now studying for her CPA test and concurrently getting experience at her firm.  She's really growing into her own fast.  The guy on the other hand, lets call him Dave, is younger than her and still going to school.

Claire's parents are always making this fact known to her on a constant basis.  Everytime she calls them up now, it seems, they always argue about her boyfriend still trying to figure out what he wants to do in life -- which is totally not true, he's just juggling full time work, a kid, and school all at once while trying to hold down a relationship (and by the way hes doing an amazing job).

Anyways, shes ready to leave him.  Says he's a deadbeat, this and that, says he's going nowhere.  I keep telling her "That's your parents' insecurity talking" and that she should "look at it through her own lense" (Because she's a photographer too, get it? i thought it was clever).

She's never had problems with the guy before and she really loves his kid.  He likes her a lot and confided in me that he wanted to marry her and that he's currently saving up for a ring.  I personally thought it was a bad idea on his part because there is so much about her he still doesn't know but hey, who am I to judge?  He probably knows her way more than I think he does.  So you can imagine my issue with her decision to leave him.  I want them to be together because I know he is the only one who can... ahem... take care of her.  And also he's just a really good dude and as far as I know, has done nothing but been the best boyfriend.

So I turn to you, ladies (and gents), What do I tell my friend Claire in order for her to understand her terrible decision?