Hi there double X!
Long time lurker, first time poster. However I could really use your advice and/or opinion on my current situation. I'll try to keep the rant as concise as possible.

So there is this FWB I have, let's call him Chris. Last Saturday, Chris helped me with the preparations for a party I'd throw and at some point he told me about this semi-threesome he had had a week ago. It had been with two mutual acquaintances (a couple), it had involved making out and heavy petting and he told me he'd rather enjoyed it. Half-jokingly I said he ought to call me before their next session, because I'd like to join them. It sounded like fun and I had wondered before what a threesome (or in this case, foursome) would be like. However, we did not go into deep detail on the subject.
The couple showed up at the party that night and the guy talked to me a couple of times in a really flirty way. Chris had apparently informed him that I knew about the threesome-ish and this guy kept inviting me and Chris over for lunch and some board games some time. 
Yesterday evening I was on the phone with Chris and during the conversation I mentioned that I might have been a little oblivious (I am known for always being the last one to find out about something really obvious) but that the guy maybe had wanted to invite me to join their little circle of love sometime. So Chris laughed and said that yeah, he had told the couple that I wanted to join them the next time.
At first, I just felt a little uncomfortable. I really hate it when something is decided for me and I'm only informed in order to confirm the deal. But gradually, I became more and more angry and hurt. It wasn't just that I would find it harder to say 'no' now that they all expected me to go with it. It was the whole thought that Chris had proposed such a thing in my name without me explicitly asking for it. It felt like I was being pimped. And Chris initially really didn't see the point. He really didn't want to hurt me so he was sorry but I had to walk him through my thought process in order for him to understand. Which in a way makes it worse. Apparently it had not crossed his mind that it was none of his business to take such initiatives without involving me.

And now I'm having this huge mindfuck. Is it just me overreacting that I am so offended and hurt? I know I said I might be in for joining them, should I've seen it coming that Chris would tell them right away at the first opportunity he had without explicitly checking with me first?

I'm sorry for the rant, I am just really confused. I know Chris wouldn't want to hurt me or mistreat me in any way and I can't seem to wrap my head around why this shit has happened.