Hi ladies, I'm not too sure where else to post this but I know it's a common thing with women so I thought I would ask about it here. If there's somewhere else I can ask that I might get a good response from please direct me there. :)

I have had a belly pooch for as long as I can remember. No matter how much weight I lose or exercise I do I can't seem to get rid of it. At the moment I am 5'8" and weigh around 118 pounds. I do exercise about 3-4 times per week and my calorie intake is naturally quite low (around 1400 - 1800. I was curious and logged what I ate on MyFitnessPal for a while, I'm not actually trying to lose weight and have been this weight for about 3 years). I don't eat processed or fast foods often. Maybe like once or twice a month I'll eat fast food.

Now, I know my belly pooch isn't (just) stored fat. I know that because it goes flatter and bigger regularly. Some weeks it's barely there, others it's like a mini pregnant belly only below my belly button. It looks odd because my stomach itself is relatively flat, then I just go out below the belly button. Anyway, I've read that it can be due to water retention and/or bloating. I've bought some pro-biotic capsules that also focus on Candida (because I heard this can cause it too?) as well as everything else.  I've also gotten some cereal that is very high in fibre but low in sugars to increase my fibre intake in case that's the problem.

I'm also kind of thinking I could be allergic to something I'm eating on the reg. When that area bloats it can be very uncomfortable and it can cramp badly, the cramps are very similar to period cramps. But it can be followed by a shifting sensation - as if everything is moving through your bowels and you can *feel* it all. I only get that sensation sometimes, and it lasts no longer than a few seconds but it's quite painful. How would I go about figuring out if I'm allergic to something? I have no idea where to start with it, since I eat a variety of things daily. Would a doctor be able to do tests on what I could be allergic to, if that is the case?

My main questions are, have any of you ladies had the pooch but then managed to shift it? If so, how did you do it/what was causing it for you?

Thanks. :)