I wrote this a few years ago now, but for some reason I am thinking about it a lot lately. I thought sharing it here might help me.
 
------------------

I feel bad accusing him of things, or calling it rape, but I don't know of another word for it. Instead, I will explain how things happened, for myself more than for the reader, in hopes that it will help me move beyond this. 

We talked about having sex long before we actually did. I thought I was in love with him. He knew I was a virgin. He asked me if I'd ever thought about how I'd like to lose my virginity, and I told him I never thought about how I wanted to lose it, but how I knew I didn't want to. I told him I didn't want to be drunk, and I didn't want to be on top. 

Cut ahead. He broke up with me, but I already made plans to go out and see him, so I went anyway. He kept giving me mixed signals. I get there, and we're having a great time. We agreed I'd stay in the same bed because regardless, he was a friend, and his bed was large enough I felt comfortable. The first of ten nights there, he was admiring my tattoo. He asked if he could lick it. I was so caught off guard and kind of weirded out by the question that I agreed. Somehow, this led to him fingering me. I never said no. I was shaking so much I could hardly breathe, but I never said no. This is not the rape I am writing about. I do not blame him for touching me on the first night. 

Cut ahead again, a few days later. Halloween. I had never truly been drunk before, and wanted to be a typical young person on Halloween for once in my life. Too much vodka, my head was spinning. Before I even visited, when we talked of sex and how I did not want it when I was drunk, I begged him to promise he would not let me talk him into it if I was drunk. I told him I would tell him I was not drunk, that I was fine and making rational decisions, but he must reject me. He did not. I was more drunk than I have ever been in my life, or ever will be again, and he suggested sex. I said okay. He said, wait, you're drunk. I said that it was okay. This is still not the rape I am writing about. I only partly blame him for initiating sex that night. 

We're in his bedroom. He's taking off my pants, and he tells me mine are the most boring panties he's ever seen. I should've stopped him there, but I didn't. My head and heart were screaming for me to stop him, but I laughed it off and let him grab hold of my ankles. This is not the rape I am writing about. I only partly blame him for insulting me on what should've been one of the most special nights of my life. 

He decides part-way through that he doesn't like how the condom feels. He does not ask me if it's okay before he rips the condom of and continues to have sex to me (I say to, because it was not with. I was outside myself by this point, disappointed for letting it get this far). He has an STD, and I am not on birth control, but he does not think of the consequences. I realize what he has done and my head starts swimming with worry and anxiety. My body aches from him resting himself upon me and the pain of him being inside of me. I do not want him there. I never did. He is not the one. I ask him to stop. I tell him to stop. I beg him to stop. He does not. I am shaking harder than I ever have before, and I feel like I am going to throw up. He is done with me and rolls over, says we should get Plan B, so we go to Walgreen's. I am ashamed. I know the woman behind the counter is judging me, blaming me, hissing "slut! slut!". At least he paid for it. The pills make me very sick, and mess up my periods for 3 months. The sex makes me very sick, and messes up my head and heart for a good deal longer. 

This is the rape I am writing about. I do blame him.