I usually browse more than post, but I'm going to use a throw away anyway to avoid being identified.

My husband and I have been married for a year. We're both pretty young - I'm 21 and he's 22. I'm in graduate school and he graduated from undergrad last year.

He opened up a restaurant 6 months ago. For those of you that don't know, the restaurant business is pretty terrifying. Like 99% of new restaurants fail. But he's doing okay. Business was really good for the first month and has trailed off some, but it's held steady for a while and it's good enough to support us comfortably.

The issue is he's a sexist pig. He treats all the waitresses very poorly. He's very belittling and treats them like they're idiots. Just as an example, some time ago he started calling the waitresses "his girls" and himself the "pimp master". It's gotten to the point where he purchased a purple suit and cane that he wears when he's at the restaurant. 

He claims it's okay because they don't mind because he's paying them well (they make $15/hr + tips). But that makes it worse - most of them are college students (we're located about a 2 minute walk from a very very large university. Most of the people that live/go here are students and it's where all the good restaurants/bars are), so they're just willing to put up with being harassed because, like most college kids, they need the money.

I figured that after a little while customers would see his behavior, get mad, and he'd be forced to not be a douchebag and that'd be the end of it, but it hasn't happened. The customers don't give a shit. 

His behavior is also a bad example for the customers. The average customer is a drunk 20 year old (the restaurant is right by most of the bars - literally 50% of the people that come in are drunk. Peak hours are between 10pm and 3am on Friday and Saturday, as an example.) Seeing him be an asshole to the waitresses encourages the customers to do the same, making their job even harder.

He's also an asshole to all the female customers, but to a lesser extent. 

Guess I'm just ranting. Fuck that guy.