Sorry for the wall of text, ladies! I'm putting a tl;dr at the top, because I'm not entirely sure if this is suitable.

tl;dr: Cut a friend out of my life, realised she was abusing our friendship for years, now paranoid that all the other females in my life are like that too and I just haven't realised yet. Want to be friends with other women, don't know how, would adore some advice.

So I'm kinda young (22) and very sheltered. I was never much good at making friends with girls as a kid, but I met a whole bunch of incredibly friendly ladies at 15 and we hit it off. Four years later, I was in charge of an activity that the volunteer organisation we were all part of was running, with the closest of my friends my immediate subordinate. She works in childcare and is the oldest (and favorite) child, so doesn't take not being in charge well. She threw a tantrum in the first fifteen minutes of the first day, I handled it poorly due to it being unexpected and things fell apart from there. At the end of the event, I decided to give both of us a week's space to cool off and didn't attempt to either seek or offer an apology in that time.

Ordinarily, we'd text every day. After a week, though, I realised that our relationship was less than equal and not particularly healthy. I was being used as the "ugly friend", treated as inferior and was considered, essentially, an ear without a mouth, to be spoken at but not listened to. She did other things, too, which I'm not going to detail here.

She approached me and asked if we could talk. I'd realised over the time we hadn't spoken that she actually meant that she was going to lecture me and manipulate me into apologising for both her behavior and mine. I agreed to go, met her, apologised clearly for my own mistakes, but refused to apologise for hers, while requesting that I receive an apology as well. Despite the fact that I didn't receive one, I told her that she was forgiven, but I didn't think I wanted to continue being close friends with her at this point in time. She started screaming at me--in public--and, eventually, left. She commanded her boyfriend, his brother and several of my other "friends" to stop speaking to me, and they agreed.

Four years on, her behaviours haven't changed (still manipulating and hurting people) and I don't believe they're likely to any time soon. I've made attempts at polite interactions, but they've been rebuffed. 

The real problem, however, is that I'm kind of terrified of all the rest of my female friends and acquaintances now. I know it's not reasonable, but I'm so incredibly scared that someone else is going to snap at me over something tiny, start screaming, then tear away my remaining friends. I don't want to keep feeling like this. I want to make new, awesome female friends (or connect with old ones), because there are plenty of fantastic people out there and, honestly, not having anyone who'll understand the girly chat I need sometimes is getting old. My guy friends are great, but they don't want to hear about anything that doesn't relate to our shared nerdy hobbies. How would I go about getting over my fear of other women and making friends with them? Any and all advice is appreciated.