Ladies, 

You gals have helped me in the past and I am really glad that I have someone to help me with my problems. 

So I know it was long ago but in the beginning of the year my friend Alex left me. 

Me and him used to be on top of the world. Everyday we would talk and hang out. He was my shoulder to cry on and my therapist. 

We were friends for 4 years, and on year 2 he told me he liked me, you know like a crush. But during the time I liked him he didn't like me back and I had gotten rid of all my emotions for him and I never liked him back. 

So I practically "friend zoned" him for 2 years yet he still liked me and stayed by by side. 

Well in December me and him just started a little spark or whatever you want to call it. I started to fell crazy love for him and it was driving me nuts. When we got back from winter break I was waiting in my usual spot waiting to see him after not seeing him for two weeks. I saw him and he SPRINTED to me, and hugged me as tight as possible. 

After that I just started to like him. And by December 30th. we had our first kiss. and then we started holding hands and such and then I guess he just got to clingy because every moment he had to know what i was doing or where i was and I really never got any alone time. I stopped liking him and I started to miss my EX boyfriend. 

Well I wanted my EX boyfriend back in my life as a friend. just a friend. But then we started talking a little more. and a little more. and then we flirted. and before I even knew it. I had fallen in love with my EX boyfriend. 

my Ex told me that he wanted to get back together and I was really down for it. Alex on the other hand wasn't. He tried to talk me out of it so many times cause he wanted me. Well i just couldn't date Alex. I was to afraid of losing him of we were to somehow break up .

Well one morning i was sitting with Alex in the hallway and my EX boyfriend came up and held his hand out to me. I had all these books on me and I put them on Alex's lap. (dick move i know) But i took my EX's hand and he kissed me and we started going out. 

Alex and me kept fighting and fighting. But i cared about him so much. 

Well me and my boyfriend went into the library and that is where Alex usually sat and he hated seeing me and my boyfriend together and I can understand why. But Alex texted me that he was upset that we came into the library and i was so pissed off that day that i said some mean things and I guess Alex had enough. 

He stopped texting me and stopped all communication. and then it happened. . . 

On February 1st. . . Alex walked up to me. I knew this was going to happen. But he gave me a red box. A box I had given him on Christmas. It contained all the things i had given him over the past 4 years, including his best friend ring he had worn for 5 months straight. 

I was in tears and crying so hard. But I didn't say a word.  I gave him a goodbye hug and it was the hardest thing i had ever done in my life. 

I took in one last deep breath of his scent and then he left. forever. I still see him around in the school but he looks at me and gives me the cold shoulder. He can't look at me in the eye. and i hate to see him do this. 

I still care about him deeply. I'm to the point where i have to bribe his friends to make sure he doesn't do something stupid and ruin his life. 

I see him walking with other girls and flirting with them and it hurts me so deeply. 

I'm actually crying while I am writing this. 



I lost him... and I'm still crying about it. 



What do I do...


