I'm having a terrible time communicating with my roommate and best friend of many years and I'm at the end of my rope for what to do. I'm hoping if I can explain what's been happening, someone will know what to tell me.

So, I've known the aforementioned friend basically since puberty. We'll call her Sam. Sam and I have been through a lot of shit together. Her parents are both emotionally and physically manipulative. Mine are emotionally distant and cold. We've done high school, college, all that stuff. So it's a pretty invested friendship, just for background.

The problem (and it's been a problem for a long time) is that I would say 98% of the time, I'm the one initiating communication with her. Maybe even more often than that. I'm not just talking about making big plans for outings either. I'm talking about stuff like knocking on her door to have a chat, sending links and things to make her smile, running across each other in the kitchen... Really any kind of contact at all, I'm the one coming to her. 

It's to the point where if I want to even talk with her casually, I feel like I am practically stalking her, waiting until I hear her out in the common area of the apartment and then "casually" walking out there myself with the excuse that I'm getting food or water or whatever just so I can see how she is.

She's also extremely weird about stuff like gift giving holidays. Now, I have to admit that I'm pretty good at presents. Like, I try really hard to put together something to make the recipient smile. I know that I'm in a somewhat privileged position in that I have a little extra money to throw around, but I don't expect presents to be big and flashy. Hell, a really cool drawing of a thing I like would make me smile. And Sam has gotten me some presents I have liked over time. But here's the weird part. She's really odd about letting me have them. I'll give her hers whenever and then sometimes I'll have to wait for months to get mine, even though she says she's had it since before the holiday/birthday. I've had multiple times where I've opened birthday and Christmas presents on the same day (when they would be half a year apart) because that's how long it took to convince her to give it to me. That's weird, right?

And because she never communicates with me, I always get super insecure that I'm bothering her, only she assures me that I'm not. She claims that her brain "just doesn't work that way" and that when people don't make plans with her, she just doesn't think about doing it. Yet, when I asked her if that meant she was forgetting about me (because I sometimes think of her during my day), she says that's not what she means. It's almost like she wants me to just let her get away with never showing me any friend-affection unless I sort of prompt her to.

Am I wrong to be confused? Saddened? Frustrated? Sometimes angry? Am I missing something that's going on here?

She claims that part of it is stress from a new job and I would understand that if her behavior had materially changed recently, but it's been at the same level for what seems like years now. She'll seem enthusiastic about interacting with me when we already are, but it's like I have to prompt her or pry it out of her. Last time we talked about it, she said she could work harder on it, but that's exactly what she's said every other time this has come up and I don't really trust her. She also seems baffled by just how upset this makes me, which is rather...

TL;DR Long-time friend who I really care about and have amazing times with when we're communicating never initiates and always seems confused that I'm upset about it because I should just accept that it's how she is.

Advice?