Whenever I read about body-hair positivity, it's often about women having the choice to not shave the most common parts of the body that grow hair after puberty (armpits, legs, vulva). I'm supportive of these choices, being that I am a hairy girl myself, but what I find is that there is usually a disregard for the other parts of the body that can, and do, grow hair. This has made it difficult for me to feel that I can fully relate to this type of support.

My mother is Russian and my dad is Syrian, which means that my dark hair contrasts greatly with my white skin. I’ve been insecure about how I look underneath clothes, because I’d always felt that my body was deceitful. It gives off one impression when I’m clothed, but once my shirt comes off, I thought I became significantly less attractive. It's always seemed that even if someone understands that there are women who do not shave their legs/armpits/vulva, they would still not expect there to be hair anywhere else. This has prevented me from trying to get intimate with others, because I've felt that no one would be able to look past my hair.

For those of you who may have light or unnoticeable body hair, "dealing" with body hair everywhere is not as easy as it sounds. I will use myself as an example.

Think about it like this: I have hair literally everywhere on my body. Obviously, some places are darker than others, but if you name a part of my external body, there is hair there, and it is usually at least noticeable. Let's say I were to start off with getting all the hair on my back removed. Gone forever. And it probably looks and feels nice. What about the rest of my body, though? Now there are clear separations between my hairy and hairless body parts. It would kind of look like if you shaved half of your stomach. It would look dumb and weirder than having a hairy stomach. You either shave the whole thing or leave it hairy. I'm choosing to leave it hairy, because my skin gets terrible when I shave, but also because I am very lazy haha.

I’ve been learning to accept my body in its natural state, and accept that there are people who can like this body, but whenever I look online, I still have trouble finding hardcore body-hair positive posts. In fact, I really don't think I've read a single one. I've posted NSFW images of myself, and more often than not, there are people who are surprised that I have hair in the places that I do. This saddens me, and I hope to remind people that hair grows on every part of the body, not just the ones most commonly spoken about!

I mostly wanted to write this to show my support to women with hair that is noticeable on every part of their bodies, because when I was younger, I didn’t have anyone tell me that I can still be attractive and hairy, and so I didn't think I could be. Every girl or woman with the same situation I have had should know that she is still beautiful, and she that shouldn’t let body hair hold her back from being confident! I really, really do hope this helps some ladies feel more comfortable, body hair or not!

Edit: changed "vagina" to "vulva" because I know nothing about human anatomy haha.