This is actually my first post onto reddit. Long time lurker, first time poster.

Anyway, last night was my school prom. I go to a small school with roughly 50 per grade. The only after party that was being held involved lots of alcohol and drugs, which neither my friends of mine or me felt like dealing with. So I asked my parents if I could have a small one at my house. Just me, my boyfriend, my best friend, her boyfriend, and a good friend. 

We go to my place after prom. We decide to watch Frozen. We began watching and my boyfriend, single friend, I are so tired that we fall asleep within 20 minutes of the movie beginning. At the end of the movie, I wake up and my best friend and her boyfriend are gone. So I begin wandering around looking for them. 


They are in MY bedroom making out on MY bed. 



Now, this upset me for multiple reasons. 
1) My parents and in the next room, along with my brother, and roommate across the hall. 
2) Both of them knew that boys are not allowed upstairs. I made this very clear to them before. 
3) My parents trusted me to have friends over without supervision. This betrays the trust of them and could cause them to say no more friends over without constant adult supervision. My father is strict and I would not put that past him. 
4) She and I have been on thin ice lately because she told her friends everything sexually that my boyfriend and I had done, which made me really upset.
5) She constantly does things that hurt me and uses the excuse "I forgot" or "I didn't think about it"

So I walk in and they pretend nothing happened. I tell her boyfriend to go downstairs because it's against the rules. He does. Once he leave, I help my best friend get her makeup and hair products together. Here's out direct dialogue:

"You can't bring boys up into my room, while I'm asleep, and make out with them. My parents would be upset and it's not okay."
"Yeah, sorry. I didn't think about it. He was helping me get my things together. We were only up here for a minute.(Nothing was cleaned. Clothes and products were everywhere still)
"Still...my parents aren't okay with boys upstairs."
"Okay, but you know when there's just so much sexual tension? There just needed to be a release of it" (I'm not kidding, she said this)

I was too tired to argue. Everyone leaves soon and I sleep. The next morning, my mom comes in and asked me what happened last night. She heard rustling in my room. I didn't want to lie to her. I tell her exactly what happened and she was very angry. She decided that she would call her parents later because it's obvious that my friend has no respect for rules. My relationship with my father is rocky as it is, and when he asked me, I didn't want to make it worse by lying.

So here I am, upset and confused. She hurts me a lot, and what she did hurt me. She doesn't realize that her actions affect others. She made me choose between telling my parents that truth and risk my privlege of unsupervision taken away, or to lie and have them possibly find out later and make me feel bad for lying. Plus, how can I trust that she hadn't been there for much longer than she said? Everyone was asleep and she's proven that I can't trust her anyway by her telling people my personal information. Also, she tells me that it makes her uncomfortable when my boyfriend kisses me on the cheek and tries to cuddle with me when we are in my home, but I'm supposed to be okay with her sneaking into my bedroom, bringing a boy who I don't know super well with her, and making out with him on my bed?

She's a close friend, but I can't handle her betraying me anymore. She's had second chances and she's blown all of them. I feel like she doesn't give anything to the friendship when I've been giving 100% to make things better. I'm so torn on what to do and I could really use some advice. Sorry for the wall of text also....
