I am a senior in high school and next year I am going to a science and engineering based university to study biology and math. I've been interest in science since I was a little kid, and decided I wanted to go into biology when I was in 7th grade.  

I've never really felt like I was discouraged from math or science. Maybe looking back on it I was one of the few girls to speak up in a science classroom, but I didn't really notice it at the time. I've had many amazing teachers who encouraged me to keep doing what I loved. I've also had some teachers who would tell me that I wasn't doing well, but that was more often dues to stress or lack of organization, my gender was never viewed as a predictor of my success.
My friends are mostly male. There are a few girls, but the guys do overwhelm the group. Pretty much all of us are either on a science or math team, or robotics, or are programmers, most often a combination. Once again, the fact that I am a girl never seems to be a major factor in our interactions. I am never looked down on for my abilities, nor do I ever feel as if I am being valued more for the way I look and dress rather than for my personality and intellect, I have also never noticed any of the other girls being treated that way. This is regardless of whether or not those girls are in a relationship.  
Next year I am going to be a biology major at Rochester Institute of Technology. I was fairly excited, not just about the fact that I am actually going to be have the chance to actually study biology, but also because of the atmosphere of the school I'm going to. I felt fully prepared to go to a school that was focused on science and engineering, had a high male to female ration, and was also kind of weird and nerdy, because that's what I'm used to. But lately I've been worrying about the fact that I may have a more difficult time there because I AM a girl who is going into a male dominated field (    maybe not so much in biology, but definitely in math). 
I've always been considered smart, but sometimes the combination of anxiety and not being very organized can get in my way. I am very passionate about what I do. Sometimes I will not understand something as quickly as everyone else does, but I will keep trying until I catch up. I'm one of those people who, if I want to achieve something, will put all of my energy into it. And I want to become a biologist. It's something that has been my dream for a long time now, and something I have always been working toward. But I'm worried that once I get into college I will be considered as someone who is less than everyone else because I am a girl, and I am not close enough to "the best of the best" to be deemed an exception to the rule. 

Questions:
Should I expect to be treated differently in college?
How?
Is it still common for women to be looked down upon in the scientific community?
Are students more likely to treat me differently or professors?
Is there a way to react to this/prove that I am just as capable?
Any other advice?  

tl;dr I've been interested in science for a long time and never really felt that being female effected my ability to become a scientist in the future. Going to a science and engineering school next year (RIT, if anyone has school specific advice, that would be nice too). I'm wondering what should I expect from college, or should I expect anything.