So I'm crying and crying, and I have a final tomorrow and I haven't even opened my book yet.  Tomorrow my school is out for the summer.  There are a lot of cats in my school.  I was going to adopt [this one](http://imgur.com/a/v7zzq), I had named him popcorn.  Popcorn already used to come to me meowing, and he waited for his treats and food everyday. I had the chance to take him home last weekend but I didn't because I wanted to do everything right and talk to the school first.  They have been living in the same place for years, there was no way I could have seen this coming.  This morning, I went there to bring them some food and saw to my horror that their house (a hole on the ground) had been cemented and he was nowhere to be found. I started asking questions, first to the professors who feed them as well, and found out that they too were looking for answers.  I called / emailed the physical  planning of my school several times and no one took my call or replied to me.  I called the animal shelter to see if they had received any cats from campus, they assured me they haven't.  During the day I wasn't too worried cause I had hopes they ran and hid (but the hole *was* their hiding place), so I just stayed by the computer and the phone and went there several times to see if maybe they had escaped before the hole was cemented.  But none of them came back and they know that's where the professors and I put their food, so they should have come back by now, which means they were probably trapped there and are either dead or dying.  I was *so* sure he was coming home with me tomorrow!

The horror of it all just hit me, that they were probably buried alive, and it came along with another horror - the realization that people simply don't care.  I'm sorry if this is too silly, but I don't know how to handle it?  It seems like I should be doing something, cause I know that he (and the others) are there probably fighting for their life, but I don't know what else to do.  I told everybody, I asked for help, I *begged* for help.  He is probably dying and I know where he is and I feel like I **have** to rescue him but no one listens to me.  I can't just go there and break the cement on a private property and I don't even know what I am feeling right now when I imagine what he is probably going through.  Please tell me what to do.  I feel like I want to run away from my body and my mind I want to be someone else who doesn't know that this is happening.  I want to go back in time and I can't forgive myself that I had the chance to take him home last weekend and didn't.  I don't know if I am having an anxiety attack, a panic attack or what it is, but I can't breathe and I can't stop crying.  I am so horrified.  Please someone tell me what to do and how to handle this.  It is not like it is going to go away.  In a year, 5 years, forever this will be with me that I had the chance to take him a week before and didn't and that I knew where they were but couldn't save them.