Hi TwoX,

I've been struggling to come to terms with this for quite a while and I've decided to ask for help.

Three years ago I was in an abusive relationship where I was raped. Almost a year later, I hesitantly began another relationship with a man I met three months after the end of the abusive relationship. We had been friends for a few months before beginning a relationship. He identified as a feminist, and was involved in gender equality and feminist movements since before I met him. When I told him about the previous relationship, he was incredibly supportive and never made me feel like there was something wrong with for it, or that I was in the wrong. I had lost faith in relationships, but my relationship with him helped to restore it. Honestly, the relationship was great.

About half a year in, I got sick with tonsillitis and it screwed with my sleeping pattern. I was already on antidepressants at this stage, and I was given 3 days worth of sleeping pills to help get my sleep cycle back to normal. The information leaflet that came with the sleeping pills warned that they may react with my anti-ds and lead to sleepwalking, sleep talking, and the like. My partner stayed over the first night I was taking them.

I took the pills right before lying down to go to sleep. They made me really sleepy quite suddenly. I thought I went straight to sleep. The next morning, my partner told me something along the lines of "You were acting pretty strange last night". I asked him what happened, and he told me I'd been spouting nonsense, saying things like my walls were made of stars and there was a walrus in my door, which he found pretty funny. He also said that I'd been scratching at my underwear or something like that, and that he started touching me because when he did I started to say weirder things. I asked if we'd had sex. He said we did.

I don't remember him touching me. I don't remember having sex. I don't remember saying any of those things he said I did. I developed vaginismus shortly after, and we had sex less often until I eventually stopped wanting to at all because it was so painful. Almost a year after the night I first took the sleeping pills, we broke up. I never explained to him how this contributed to it, or how it made me feel.

I still think about it sometimes, and it upsets me. I am still good friends with this man. We are still mutually supportive of each other, and I still feel I can open up with him. I feel like it wasn't consensual sex, and I know that if I told him this he would feel so awful about himself, which I don't want to happen.

I don't know how I should classify what happened to me that night. I don't know if I'm right to refer to it as non consensual sex. I feel so confused. I haven't talked to anyone about this before.