She's five years younger than me. We didn't have the best family life growing up. Our dad is emotionally and physically abusive, and Claire (my sister) seems to take the brunt of the abuse. My dad loves our youngest sister (Elisa, 12 almost 13) and it's very obvious she's the golden child. My brother (Tim, 13 almost 14) seems to be okay. My parents seem to like him, but since he's a boy they've made him go to work almost every day he's been free, including after school, since he was two years old. I'm not exaggerating about how much he has to go to work on the farm with our dad. He has literally no free time to hang out with friends because he has to work so much. 

Anyway, back to claire. She's quite a bit heavier than us, and my dad never lets her forget that. He makes fat jokes about her daily, which I participated in until I realized how fucked up it was. Tim and Elisa still make fun of claire as far as I know. Example of a joke: we were watching animal planet and there was a whale on a sling that had to be transported to a hospital, and my dad said "hey look, it's claire." 

Claire won't hug or touch anyone, or let anyone touch her, which would be fine, but I think it's because she has never felt loved by her parents. She won't even tell anyone she loves them. She's very cold towards others, but I know how much she hurts. I can see it in her face when my dad makes fun of her. The only emotions she ever shows are fear, anger, and sadness. 

She has crippling social anxiety.. She can't even order her own food at restaurants, or check out at a store by herself. She won't go on school field trips or go to field days or anything. She never has friends over or goes to hang out with anyone. My parents told her she can't get a car until she's 21. I told her she can leave my parent's house and live with me when she turns 18, but she said she "can't just leave," as if she has to be stuck there forever or something. 

During one of our dad's "outbursts" as I like to call them, Claire called me to tell me what was going on, and I called the police and told them the situation and that there was possibly going to be child abuse if they didn't go get involved and calm him down. The police got there and said there was a "disturbance of the peace" call, my dad said everything was fine, and the police left. That made me fucking furious. But I don't think he's had an outburst since, and it's been a year since that. Claire later told me "thank you for calling the police. I'll go to that stupid therapist thing you were talking about." Prior to then I had been talking to her about getting mental help. Not that my parents would allow it, but I told her when she's 18 she should go. 

I'm worried about her mental health and how she's going to function in the real world. I don't know what to do in this situation. 