Sorry for throwaway. For context, I am 26.

When I was 6, my mom married my stepdad. At the hotel at their wedding, I was put in a room with my two new stepbrothers. I knew them and had played with them before the wedding. The younger of the two fell asleep, but the older of the two, at the time 13 years old, proceeded to do sexual things to me in the dark. I don't remember what, but I remember not liking it. After the wedding, my mom and stepdad moved into a new house together, and my new stepbrothers joined us. The older one started convincing me to join him in the basement for games. Occasionally we'd play Simon Says, but mostly he just wanted me to let him put his penis in my 6-year-old vagina. I, thinking it was a game, allowed him to do it, and was told we weren't allowed to talk about it. One time, the younger stepbrother came downstairs and we immediately pulled our pants back up. I remember never wanting to play that game, and always wanting to go back to Simon Says, but he kept begging me to play the sex game with him. He called it -- and this part I have never told anyone because I absolutely hate the name of the game he came up with and it's hard to even think -- "wiggle up the bottom." *Ugh.* This went on for I'm not sure how long, but I guess at least a month.

Anyway, I told a few people (friends, mostly just guys I was seeing seriously) that I was, generally, molested when I was a kid by someone in my family. I didn't say who. I never told anyone in my family about it. At this point, that older stepbrother is married with 2 young sons, living in another state, and they all seem very happy and very nice. And honestly, it didn't really ever bother me as I went through life. I didn't really think about it at all until I started getting interested in guys: I told one of them about what happened (without specifics) and he was bothered for me but told me something along the lines of, "well, it was only molestation, technically." Like he was reassuring me. And that's how I heard it, and that's how I viewed it going forward: that it was "only" molestation and it was a very insignificant crime, if it even was one.

In October it will have been exactly 20 years since that started. and I was just reading something here this morning which made me think about it again, and really examine the details. And I'm realizing that it actually does bother me a bit, and that what he did to a 6-year-old was pretty fucked up.

But he himself was only 13. Technically still a child. I feel like even if I had told someone, nothing would have come of it since people would assume we were just playing. Sometimes kids explore their sexuality together, I suppose. But fucking goddamn, not FUCKING SIX YEAR OLDS, what the fuck... This is affecting me more than I thought.

I don't know what I'm looking for by posting this here. Was it a crime? It doesn't matter. It was 20 years ago. Just, what do I do now? He has his own kids. Should I be concerned for them? That seems stupid. They're a happy little family. I will probably do nothing. Just needed to share.