I've been with my boyfriend for 8 months. We're good together because we communicate effectively: if something bothers me, I bring it up with him and we work through it. I have told him to do the same, and he does. There is one thing I keep thinking about and while it doesn't bother me enough to keep me up at night, it just reinforces my shaky self-esteem. 

I'm 21 years old and I've never had a proper relationship until now because of my high standards/pickiness. Objectively, I don't think I'm unappealing lookswise but I feel that I crush on guys 'outside my league'. I go for a very specific 'type' of guy (I'm Asian; my type resembles a Kpop idol so conventionally good looking, nice hair, good dress sense, thin). My boyfriend is my type exactly and the first guy I've both crushed on and asked me out, so naturally I was over the moon and said yes. 

In the course of our relationship, I've witnessed my boyfriend get hit on so many times. It usually happens at work, where he's a barista so he's nice to customers in general and I don't take that to heart even though it's unsettling to watch when I'm having my drink and I see girls try to flirt. The worst is when we were at a beach once, and my boyfriend asked this stranger to take a photo of us. They have a short convo - mind you I'm right next to him but I don't speak because I'm shy and I don't like talking to strangers and after taking it, she looks at me and asks me directly, "Are you his girlfriend or friend?" Ouch and wow, so inappropriate. 

It just crushes my self-esteem because no one ever hits on me when I'm with my boyfriend or very much in general. I don't know if it's the gendered thought of 'guys don't hit on girls who are with other guys but girls can hit on guys whether the guy is with a girl or not' or if my boyfriend is just so much better looking than me. I know it's not a game either, but it still annoys me to a point. 

To be clear, this is not affecting our relationship, it's just something I think about from time to time and get bothered by it. I've also been to counselling before for my self-esteem issues. This is just something I want to get off my chest, gah! 