I am 11 months on HRT this month, and I have got to say that transition is by far the most fascinating and continuously surprising journey I have ever been on.  I am posting this with a throw away since this sub has gone default and I want to minimize my possible exposure to harassment, etc, but many of my cis gender friends are always interested to hear about my experiences with transition, and I thought it would be interesting to put this out on this sub to see what you ladies had to say.

I'd like to put a couple of caveats to this post: none of this is really me complaining about anything. I'm very happy now, happier than I've ever been in my life. I love myself, my appearance, and just the simple feeling of being more than I ever thought possible. It's just that sometimes it's really freaky to think about how different my life is now.  

The thing is, absolutely none of these things are things that, at any point, I thought I would have to do or experience to be a "real woman".  None of these changes do I feel I purposefully tried to make in order to adhere to any sort of standard "necessary" to be seen as a woman.  They all just kind of...happened.  How much of them can be attributed to hormones, and how many can be attributed to living as a woman and truly experiencing the social pressure, etc, of that role?  I can't be sure.  Certainly, I feel like hormones had a large effect on many of them, specifically those that deal with my own interior experiences and reactions to things.  

But I don't like to say it was *all* hormones, if for no other reason than I know plenty of cis women who have had estrogen-driven bodies all of their lives who don't necessarily have many of these going on in their lives.  But, for whatever reason, they are a part of me now, and a part of my experience of the world.  It changed far more than I anticipated.  

Also, in this post I am speaking in very broad strokes, *very* generally. There are many exceptions to every thing I list here. Please don't think I am being absolute or saying this is the way for every woman (or man) every where, all the time.  Nor am I attempting to speak for all trans folk.  This is definitely a "your mileage may vary" kind of thing.  This is just me, and my experience.

The changes I am most interested in aren't physical, necessarily, but more mentally and personality-wise.  I suppose, before starting, I was much more focused on the physical aspect of transition. I'd heard, of course, of attitudes and whatnot changing, but I suppose that kind of change is a much harder one to observe in others or anticipate in yourself.

And, while of course I had heard from women all my life about subtle (and not so subtle) misogyny -- and I believed them, I never really thought they were exaggerating -- it's very much a different thing to experience something than to just hear tell about it.

For myself, I very much thought I would end up being a huge tomboy-type girl. And, truth be told, I do still have some hobbies that are more masculine oriented...but damn did I get "girly". Friends comment on it sometimes, women and men, cis and trans.  I can be more than a bit giggly, and I just love being held. I absolutely melt when I receive loving attention, and am generally much more submissive in my attitudes and behaviors. It's a very weird thing to experience, though by no means unpleasant. It just feels so good to feel safe and "protected" by someone, physically and emotionally. I also realized the other day that, at some point, the state of my hair gained the ability to practically dictate my enjoyment of a whole day.

Though I am still very much attracted to women, their sex appeal is no longer the first thing I see when I look at another woman. I'm much more tuned in to how she is dressed, and what I think that says about how she felt that morning or what she was trying to put across to others that day. I "feel" different in more subtle ways as well. I feel calmer, more grounded and practical in my mindset. As one example, due to circumstances I have a decent chunk of money coming my way this year that I've known about for many years. I used to have all sorts of plans of things I was going to buy when I got it. But, more and more, I want stability and the ability to plan in my life. My plans for that money have changed almost completely over the last 3-4 months especially. I feel like having it in the bank and/or properly invested will give me a sense of safety that will be worth far, far more to me than any thing I could possibly buy with it. Under the influence of testosterone, I never had that kind of "need" to have stability in my life. I was far more "good times" oriented, even at pretty considerable possible future cost.

At gatherings, now more than ever I find myself gravitating to the women because the behavior and typical topics of conversation among men just doesn't really interest me, unless it is a definite shared hobby. I'm coming to really understand how little I ever understood men. I may have matched their behavior at times, but I'm finding that my reasons for acting that way were more like "well, this is what guys do, and I don't want people to know I want to be a girl, so I want them to have no reason to question me, so I better act this way as well". But men seem to have different reasons for acting the way they do, reasons I can't really understand. So often, I'll see or hear about a guy doing something, and just be like, "WHY would do you that?!" When I hear guys talking crudely about women, or when they make crude jokes amongst themselves or to me, I actually cringe.

Speaking of men and their behavior, I'm getting to where I generally blend in these days -- and the more men see me as a woman, the more they tend to kind of talk over me and/or listen in a placating sort of manner before they go back to talking to each other. If a conversation has 2 or more men involved, it becomes hard to really even get a word in edgewise. They'll just talk away while I sit there, and if I venture to add to the conversation very often everyone looks at me while I'm talking, gives a sort of "oh yeah, I know what you mean" or "uh huh, that's interesting"...and then they turn back to each other and continue on almost as if I didn't say anything, like my participation in the group conversation was almost an interruption of a talk they were having. Again, like they are more humoring me by listening than actually taking anything I say.

Now that I exist in this new social atmosphere, I look around and see them doing exactly the same thing to other women in the conversation. As often as not, the girls and I end up having our own little conversation that spins off the main conversation, because we are the only ones actually listening and responding to one another. The guys just want to talk to themselves. It's really a little startling to realize this is probably been going on my whole life, but I didn't notice because I was previously accepted by the men as one of them, and so what I had to say was given more weight. I totally think this is a subconscious thing on their part, the vast majority of the time. I don't think they do it purposefully. But it does happen, and it's really uncanny (and more than a little annoying).

I also didn't quite properly anticipate what a difference the loss of strength would make to my life. I've now reached a point where, sometimes, I literally have to wait for my boyfriend to get home to do some things. I physically cannot do them myself. I can't help but think back to times that girlfriends of mine would do the same thing (wait till I got home to get my help with something) that I couldn't help but think, "You really could have done this yourself if you'd really tried." Simply because, when I would do it, it wasn't that hard. I couldn't fathom that the difference in strength was so great that it wouldn't be possible for them.

Well, now my boyfriend does the same thing. He'll come home, and I'll have spent time trying to do something without him and found it to be literally not possible. He'll come along and just be like, "Oh, you need help with this? This isn't that hard. Look." And, voila! He does it and makes it look like it was little effort, typically making fun of me the whole time. =P

Much more of my previous affectation was a facade, it seems, than I'd ever guessed. I'm getting to know the "real me" in a profound way now. And speaking of profound, I am finding that being a woman is a much more profound thing than I'd known. Being forced to watch from the outside, of course it isn't surprising that my initial thoughts about what it would mean to live as a woman were very superficial and surface-level.

But nevertheless, it is surprising to discover what a deep ocean womanhood is. If that sounds cliche, so be it. That's how it is, for me.