Hey all,

So this is a comment I've seen a lot of today:

"Women's rights? Why can't they just be called gender equality rights? Things aren't always fair for men either!"

Instead of getting frustrated at these kinds of comments (which is my personal reaction, although I realize that not all TwoX users would react this way), or spending tons of time replying to them in an attempt to educate users on several decades (centuries? millennia?) of history, I was thinking we could provide some key links to educational websites/articles on the basics of women's rights and related topics so that users can educate themselves on their own. I think it would be useful to have good resources easily accessible for newcomers to this sub--they don't necessarily have to read them, but we can at least recommend them for the curious. 

I tried to Google for sites I knew I'd seen before, but nothing came up that seemed useful and I can't think of any off the top of my head. Any suggestions, folks? 

Apologies in advance if I've offended anyone--my intention isn't to call people out, but to provide streamlined access to basic information so this sub isn't flooded with the same comments/posts from newcomers. 

Also, I realize that any resources on this topic would ultimately be opinion-based, and that the range of answers/acceptable resources would vary even for regular users of the subreddit, but I still think that some basic links for people whose only question is, "Why feminism tho?" would be useful. 

Edit: [This article](http://bitchmagazine.org/article/everything-about-feminism-you-wanted-to-know-but-were-afraid-to-ask) about the basics of feminism is an example of what I mean. I understand that not every TwoXer wants to mix TwoX and feminism, but I feel like we're inevitably going to be fielding questions of that genre at a much higher volume now that we're default, and having resources like this one would simplify things for people who haven't learned much about it in the past. 
