On an average day of the week, when I'm not a menstruation-ridden zombie bumbling around the house, I normally wear panty liners. I discovered during my journey into adulthood that women often produce a boogery substance called discharge, and my mother introduced me to the life raft that is panty liners. They're like pads, only much thinner, and I use them to keep my underwear nice and clean. 

HOWEVER, on one day a month the crimson fairy arrives at my door. That sadistic bitch waves her wand and the hands of my body's internal clock hit *menstruation*. In my teen years my periods were fairly irregular, but now I can always trust they arrive on schedule. When this starts, the crimson fairy is courteous enough to warn me of what's to come with some light spotting. It usually appears in the toilet or in my underpants, and because I wear panty liners this isn't often an issue. But as I age, it almost seems like I'm developing a sixth sense for the arrival of my period. One day I'll get a feeling, and I'll reach for a pad. Then, a few hours later, the spotting arrives. 

I've come to think of this as the spotting day. Menstruation usually plays out for me like this: the first day is very light flow, and the second day is like a smelly, bloody tsunami. The second day is always the worst of it, and now that I have a sense for my body's workings I know what to prepare for. I take inventory on my pads, I stock up on dark underpants and I change my sheets. To prevent accidents from happening, I have a pair of old yet comfy pajama bottoms that I wear to bed. It's okay if I leak on these because they're made of a dark, thick, absorbent material. I get squeamish at the thought of tampons, you see, so pads have always been the way for me.  

But I can't put my life on hold for menstruation. I've got things to do, places to be. Warm days and summertime are particularly troublesome for me when I'm running errands, because it's difficult to tell if I'm leaking or if it's just sweat between my thighs. On days like these, I take advantage of mirrors to inspect my hindquarters for the tell-tale stains. Or if I'm with my mother, I'll turn to her and furtively whisper, "Hey, can you look at my butt for a minute? Am I leaking?" Camaraderie. 

Then there's that one thing that happens when we stand up after sitting for a while. You know what I'm talking about, right? I'll be sitting for an extended period of time and then, when I stand up, *that thing* happens. The dam breaks. It almost feels like I'm peeing my pants, and it's something I literally have zero control over. It's a terrible thing to endure in public, no matter how prepared I am. Not only do I bring two spare pads in my purse, but I also place no less than four wet wipes in a ziploc bag in case of an emergency. On that note, I'm curious to know how others cope with appearing in public when the crimson fairy pays a visit. Do you bring extra underwear? Wet wipes? Pads and tampons? 

I'm also curious to know about the quirks that other menstruating individuals have to put up with and the techniques they've developed to cope. Do you wear old, not-so-fancy undergarments or do you wear the sexiest undergarments in your possession to lift your spirits? Tampons or pads? Medicine, perhaps? Do you have mood swings? Do you have diarrhea or log shits? Scented or unscented? Cravings? Bloating? Cramps? Certain activities to improve your mood, like watching movies or reading books? Lay it all out right here: the good, the bad, and the nasty. 