Hi TwoX! So I made a post previously about using the buddy system after I was left behind at the bar, got a ride with a "nice guy" who tried to take me home, had to walk back to my own house after being locked out at 3am, ended up losing my belongings that I gave to a friend and in the end was told it was my fault completely. I understand it may have been a miscommunication between friends but I took your advice that most (if not all gave me) and went my own way instead of continuing our friendship as it isn't the first time this has happened to me or to the others.

I've also decided to take it a step further and seek therapy (not just because of this issue) and so far, I'm feeling better. With that being said, since your advice worked the first time I'm back for round two.

Since that night (in which I overreacted) I've had some mean comments thrown my way, mostly stating I'm crazy. Truthfully it's getting to me and I'm trying pretty hard to get better and I don't know what to do.

To give a shortcut, that night at the bar I was talking to a guy for three hours just at a table and literally didn't move. I should have spent the night with my friends but considering they were doing the same, I didn't think it was a huge deal. My friends left without me, without checking, and I made the mistake of assuming that we were all going to get a taxi like we always do. Around 1am I started searching and realized they were gone and at 2am eventually I got a ride with a "nice guy" I went to school with.

I told him, along with his friend, that I had to go back to my other friends house and they assured me it worked out because my friend Alison's house was on the way to their own. I thank them and I hail a cab. I am drunk at this point (as it's St.Pattys day) and as I get in the taxi I not only repeat that I'm going to Alison's house and where it is located to them, but also to the taxi driver.

I'm pretty on edge at this point as it's coming on to 3am and you know, my friends have ditched me and I literally don't have anyone except these two guys- plus i'm drunk. Anyway, the nice guy Steve, tells the taxi driver to go to his apartment. I figured I would get dropped off on the way back and Steve briefly forgot where I was going as he was tipsy as well. They both get out, Steve and his friend Chris, and I refused.

Long story short, Steve tries to convince me to get out of the taxi and go back to his place for the night. I keep saying no. He tries to assure me along with his friend, I can go back to Alisons's tomorrow. It's coming on to 3:30 am and I say no, that's not what we agreed upon. They keep trying until the taxi driver tells them to go inside and gives me a free lift.

Now the kicker that sort of makes me think I'm possibly being targetted by these people and being victimized for "talking down" about nice guy Steve, is because when the taxi driver closed his taxi and began driving he deliberately told me multiple times how I made the right decision. He even went further to say that he use to do that when he was young and Steve knew the entire time, along with the taxi driver, where I was going and was just playing dumb/taking advantage that I was intoxicated in an attempt to get lucky.

Mentioned that it was a bit messed up he did it in the first place and he heard me several times not only say I'm not going home with them but give directions where I wanted to (I was correct that it was on the way to their house). Eventually I got back to Alisons's, was locked out, needed my stuff to get back to my own apartment, was angry, scared, sad and I did completely overreact. I was banging on the door crying when it sort of hit me I could have been raped (stupid I know) and I was angry my friends left me behind. Long story short, I got in a fight with the girl who lost my coat and ever since, pretty sure she, along with Alison's housemate who didn't know what completely happened, have been spreading some awful stuff. 

I overreacted but ever since, I'm labelled crazy for thinking Steve would even do such a thing. I don't know what to do, I feel like I am crazy which is why I'm getting therapy but apart of me also is considering that I'm also partially being victimized by these people. I moved away for a year and no one ever called me crazy (that I'm aware of). We all went to high school together and it's like no one ever dropped my label and they keep building on. I don't know how to escape it. How do you know when you're crazy? 

As said, I think I have an idea how all those girls feel who have truly been raped and had no one believe them due to their past decisions or responses. No one looks at the situation objectively but I think what hurts most and what's bringing me down, is that no one wants to take my side because it's so easy to blame these bad encounters on my "crazy". I wish someone would sit me down for once and really ask my side of what happened instead of just turning cheek. What does it matter. I'm crazy, nothing I feel or think makes sense to anyone.

tdlr; Bad friends left me at the bar alone, "good guy" Steve offered me a cab ride, tried to take me home, I'm crazy/mean weeks after for thinking he would ever take advantage of a woman

