Ex and I broke up because in short, he is a crazy cheating manipulative person. Well I ran in to him at the bar Friday and he was charming as ever, I feel hook line and sinker for the "I miss you, I need you, I love you, just spend one more night with me"


I'm rather drunk and his house is across the street so I go home with him because my daughter was at her dads for the weekend anyway. Cuddling and crying turns in to crazy sex. Tried to talk a couple times after but it all went back to me being upset about the past and this morning I told him this will never work and I was sorry I went to his house. To which he responds "Well I wasn't going to tell you but the condom broke and I ditched it" I freak out and ask if he came in me to which he says "Im pretty sure"


FUCK. FUCK. I check my period calender, the day he did this was two days before an egg drop. So, for those who don't know, one to two days before your actual ovulation date is absolute prime time to get pregnant.
I am a very fertile person. I have a daughter and had a miscarriage 2 years ago (same dad to both).


It's too late for a plan B. My boobs are super sore and feel much worse than PMS. I have the discharge I had the first two times. and I am FREAKING the fuck out. I have a terrible feeling. A lot of girl who have ever tried to concieve will know this feeling and these symptoms, it's just a funny one. I chalked it up to PMS but this makes so much more sense. You usually don't notice these things unless your trying to get pregnant, which is why it made so much sense today.


I took my daughter to walmart after he told me this through a text and it was so different than the first two times I was pregnant. My ears were ringing and I got dizzy in when I walked by the baby stuff, just thinking oh my god, please, no. Im in a daze right now and I don't even know how to think straight and I don't even know if this is real.


I haven't responded to him. I feel like he meant to do this because he hates the idea of me not being in his life. I fell right in to this trap and Im terrified. I don't know if I can have an abortion, I'm still fucked up from losing my second child.
Fuck. Idk what to do.


As of right now, if I am pregnant, I'd like to think about it for a few days. But if need be I will have to cancel my vacation I have been planning since January for next weekend, and use the money I have saved for an abortion...Im just not sure I can bring myself to do it...Fuck....and there is no way I could tell him ever. He wouldn't support it. I know he wants a baby, he was mad one of his ex's had an abortion. So telling him if I abort it is not an option which means 0 support.....or I keep it.....which seems just as crazy.


tl;dr: Ex is pretty sure he came in me after ditching a broke condom and didnt tell me until it was too late to take a plan b. Im a really fertile person. I cant test until next week at the earliest, but im freaking the fuck out.