I just need to lay this down here before I go to dinner with my best friend and her boyfriend.
My best friend recently got out of a 9 year relationship with an emotionally stunted, controlling man, and their relationship was more of a mommy/son relationship than anything. It was unhealthy for both of them, but you can only point out a train wreck so many times on deaf ears. I know more than I should have because she confided every aspect of their relationship to me.
She broke up with him, it was messy, but she did it. I give her props for recognizing a bad situation and leaving. I know it takes people in an abusive relationship a long journey sometimes before they can find the courage to leave it.
A week after this break up, she tells me that she wants nothing more than to be alone, live alone, be without a man and be a free woman. I encouraged this, since, while I am happily attached, I am a firm believer that everyone should be single for a while in their life to find who they truly are. I don't think you can love someone or have a successful relationship without being confident in yourself. She hasn't been single for the 15 years she's been dating.
Come to find out, she met another guy at a friend's wedding a week prior to breaking up with her LTR and hopped from living with the LTR guy to being in a full time, fully invested relationship with a new guy, whom she had never met before this wedding. They are 3 weeks into this "relationship", and already they're referring to each other as "wifey" and "hubby", and are wearing "promise" rings. 

Why am I posting this here?

Because I needed to vent to people that would hopefully understand and give me opinions. It's socially unacceptable to call someone out on their issues, and I am not perfect by any means, but I tried asking her if she should slow down on the new guy, but instead she changed her ringtone to "will you marry me" by bruno mars and is planning on moving out of state with this guy. 
I met the guy, and I'm trying to be nice, trying not to be a catty bitch, but he's been married twice before, has 3 kids with both exes, (which isn't necessarily a deal breaker, just seems relevant since they're obviously talking marriage already) and doesn't seem like too much of a catch to me, personality or looks wise. (Stated since someone could say she's only physically attracted to him, not because I'm that shallow)
She's turned into a sports fan because he is one, which is funny since she used to tell me how much she hated baseball, but now she's facebooking stupid photos of how "real women like baseball" and the like.
She's basically lost herself and globbed in to this guy, and it's sad and frustrating all at once.
I've kept my mouth shut about the majority of my opinions, since I have managed to learn that what goes on with a relationship isn't always what it seems on the outside, but I needed to vent to some anonymous ladies and gents who may or may not be able to inject some advice or opinion on this. 
Apologies if this isn't where it belongs, didn't know where to go for advice on different perspectives I may be missing.
I am aware I may get differing opinions than my own, but that's why I'm here. I know us gals all have different experiences we draw from where relationships are concerned.

TLDR; BFF globbed on to man too quickly, trying to keep my mouth shut. 