So, I just received the letter from the doctor. High risk hpv. The one that can lead to cancer. With a note to come back in a year. That was it. Just retest in a year. I have a lot of unanswered questions, I made an appointment with planned parenthood tomorrow to get my questions answered and to check on the swelling in my cervix. But I am still in shock with this news.   
I just started dating a guy a few months ago. The night I got the letter I called him to come over. It was hard to tell him. I couldn't say it, but I have him the results from my Pap smear. Breaking up with me didn't even cross his mind. He's going to support me through this. Odds are he might have it too. We haven't been able to really have sex lately cause of the pain in my cervix (which now makes sense). But we have discussed being careful so we don't continue to reinfect each other. And he's coming with my tomorrow so he can get more info from the doctor about this std.   
I just don't know what to think right now. I've gone through so many emotions in just a few days. I don't really know what to expect.  
I'm not too sure what I'm trying to accomplish with this post. Maybe just some support and advice. Or any questions that I should ask my doctor. I'm not too sure what to ask, aside from how can I help my immune system fight this quicker. How are we supposed to know when my bf has cleared it when there is no test in males. And what is the swelling in my cervix. I am trying to come up with every question so that I leave my appt tomorrow with all the information I need.   
  
  
  
[update] Went to planned parenthood today. She answered my questions and told me I will need to schedule a colposcopy soon. My bf came with me, but he wasn't allowed in the exam room. He's been really supportive though. I shared with him the info she told me and we both feel a bit better. I talked to an ex I'm still friends with and kind of mentioned the hpv. He said it's not that bad someone else he dated had it. But he wasn't very aware of hpv or how it's transmitted or how guys don't have any symptoms. So I think I probably got it from him.   
As for the pain around my cervix. It's probably not endometriosis. The doctor swabbed the area and there is some yeast so it could be caused from that. 