I am 24f, boyfriend almost 25 and is male. Been together 4 years, we currently live together. I have really been working hard to get better at communicating my needs in my relationship. I always thought it was my fault for not being clear, but I just recently emailed my boyfriend and I feel totally stuck on what to do next.

[First part of what was said](http://imgur.com/qomB3UQ)

At this point I regrettably lose my cool [and this is what I say next](http://imgur.com/K6WvsA8). At the end, I'm still left feeling like my problem isn't really resolved and only a few days later he again acts like what I said I didnt like in the email.it's like watching a 2yr old throw a tantrum the way he treats me when he doesnt want to talk.

I'm just so sick of not being able to find the right way to reach him, to have things made into my fault, to have my concerns completely ignored, to be treated like the problems in this relationship are all my fault.

Before you guys ask, I am with this person because we do have so much fun together and I enjoy being with him. But when I come to him with a concern it's like a switch flips and he's a totally different assholey person. Edited to add that he will not bring up concerns he has with me until I bring something up with him. He told the counselor "I just feel like it's a good time" and even the racist&sexist counselor told him that's not normal. After him doing that (feels like he's steamrolling me) so many times I feel like he does it on purpose, you know?

And yes, I have been to counseling a few times but it didn't work out and I am out of money and literally out of options in my area. The sessions were so incredibly unhelpful that I feel twoX is my last resort to figure things out in this relationship, at least for myself anyway.

I am 75% sure I am going to break up with him because after 4 years of the same ignoring me, being a jerk when he doesn't want to talk instead of using his words, making me feel like everything is my fault I am just so worn out.

So WW2XD? Could someone "grade" my activity in the emails I linked above? I.e. what could I have done better to get him to listen, tips to avoid letting the frustration show up.

**tldr: feeling stuck in a cycle in relationship with boyfriend. Could use some advice on how better to get him to understand and respect that I have feelings and needs- in fact I am going to sit down tonight and could use specific advice**

