So I'm posting this on a throwaway because I just don't need family or friends seeing this. 

For the last few weeks we've been planning my nephew's first birthday and the house has been in chaos. My mom, SIL and I have been super busy with planning and cooking on top of going to work and all the other crap we've had to deal with. Today while setting up for the party my dad started to yell at my mom in front of our in laws for not doing more to prepare. This is something that has been a regular occurance throughout my life. My dad has always been the type who's pretty mellow but the second he gets mad or upset he just flies off the handle yelling and screaming horrible things at all of us (in our family). 

Well today I had had enough and told my dad in a firm but low voice to just cut it out this once because the day was meant to be a happy one. Not only did his rage triple but he ran at me screaming at me to shut up. This time however he didn't just run at me screaming like usual, he held up his hand in a closed fist and threatened to "beat me senseless". I said "Do it then!" and he lunged forward and opened his hand but right before he could hit me stopped, turned, and stalked off. My mom is now upset because she thinks I need to just get over it and move on because, "that's just how he is."

I've never been so scared and angry and sad all at once. Writing this now and thinking about it I'm shaking. I'm a fucking 25 year old woman and I don't know what to do. My job doesn't pay quite enough to move out on my own right now and I don't want to tell my boyfriend what happened or he'd never come over to my parents house again. I don't know where to turn. Moving in with my boyfriend isn't really an option because right now he's out of a job and could be returning to his home country if he doesn't find work by fall. 

I need advice please please PLEASE. I can't think straight and every time I think of my dad's face I just want to vomit. I hate him so much right now and I don't know if I'll ever be able to forgive him for the hell he's put our family through all these years. I don't know how I can be in this house with him after this or how to go about moving or running away.


***Edit:*** I just wanted to thank you all for helping me see some truth and clarity in this situation and for even just responding with your story or advice. It really helps to get a stranger's opinion on something sometimes! I'll keep this account and update when I can! 