Hey ladies. Didn't know where else to go with this but I know you all are accepting and supportive so I figured I'd ask for advice here. 

For the past, oh, three semesters or so, I cannot make myself do well in school and I hate myself for it. All through elementary/middle/high school I was an honor roll student, and my first semester of college (fall 2012) I finished with a 3.5 GPA. But since then, I have had zero motivation at ALL. It's not that I don't care about my grades, or that I don't want to be in school. I am going into social work and want to focus my work on children with mental illnesses and autism. I am very passionate in learning about this field, but not so passionate about going to class, writing papers and studying. I don't know what's wrong with me. I've fought depression and anxiety for some time and tried several medications. My depression hasn't been so bad as of late so I have not been taking any medications (most medications have done terrible things to my sleep habits). I also work 24-30 hours a week at Walmart and suffer from Crohn's disease, which often leaves in me in pain and very very fatigued when my symptoms are at their worst. 

I cannot keep doing this. It's finals week and I put off so much of my school work that I had to call off work for a day just to do papers and assignments I slacked on. It's like I torture myself with this shit and fucking hate myself for it. I want to do well in school, but can't make my lazy ass get up and go to class, or write my papers, or study for the tests.

I seriously need to fix this problem and I don't even know where to begin. My entire academic life my parents and especially grandparents have pressured me to do well and shamed me when I came up with anything below a B and I feel like that has something to do with it. 

If any of you girls have been in a situation like this before, how did you get out? I have no desire to drop out of school, transfer or change majors. I am happy with all that, but have the hardest time motivating myself to do well and I feel worthless. Thanks girls. 