I keep hearing about how abusive relationships are so hard to get out of because the man sweet-talks the woman and begs her to come back. Or at least that's how I THOUGHT it went.

I was in a year long relationship with an emotionally, mentally & physically abusive boyfriend. We threatened to dump each other all the time and the other would beg not to. In the beginning it was me dumping & him begging, but at the last part of it it was the opposite. He controlled, manipulated, and played mind games. I was wrapped around his finger & blinded by, what I thought was, love.

The night we broke up, he was super black out drunk & he decided to beat me because I was crying (that's literally the reason) 
I thought in most situations the guy would hit the girl then feel really bad afterwards and apologize only to do it again in the future; but he didn't stop. He kept punching, kicking, throwing, slapping me. He took my windpipe, looked me in the eye with a look like a demon had possessed him, and suffocated me twice. The last time I fell to the floor passed out.
He tried to leave but for some reason I still cared about him (I still cant figure out why) He said "fine but I'm leaving in the morning" & we both pass out.


I wake up next to him. He was laying facing away from me. I was in so much pain. My eye was throbbing and disgustingly bruised. I choked out, "babe...are we still together?" He leans over, looks at my eye & said "Oh God" He then jumped out of bed and started immediately packing his stuff. I was crying so hard asking why he was leaving, begging him not to. That I needed him (so I thought). He seemed like he was sad and he kept saying "I have to."  He then sits down and starts crying with me. He tells me "he loves me and always will." and we hug for the longest time. Tells me he will still pay his part of the rent. He then gets up, tells me he loves me, gives me one more hug and leaves me there to wallow in sadness, pain & emptiness.


The next day he told me we were just "on a break" and can "try again" when he "gets his shit together." After that day though he changed his mind and said we could never be together again, but could still be friends and hang out. Why was I the one begging him, when he had hurt me so bad? A week after all this, he calls me up crying saying he had gotten in the car and just drove & drove. Didn't know where or for how long but ended up like four states away. Told me he was scared and thinking about killing himself. I was stupid and still cared about him. I wired him money and we were talking like we were in love again that day. Was he manipulating me or did a part of him really become scared and looked to me for help?


The next two weeks after the incident we are talking. He seemed extremely depressed too. His father was abusive to his mother for like.. 10 years, and I guess he was upset that his father came out in him, because it seemed like he didn't want to become him. But then why did he? He used to cry about his dad so much in the first few months in our relationship. He was so sensitive and remorseful for being mean to me. Grieving for his lost childhood his father robbed him of. Then the last couple months between us, something in him snapped. He was so, angry at me. All the time. No matter how good I tried to be to him. He wasn't the guy I fell in love with, he had become a monster and I'm not sure why or what happened. Im not saying I was the perfect girlfriend, I have made a few mistakes, but I didn't treat him like he treated me. I put way more energy, time, and feelings into this guy than anyone ever has, despite how he acted towards me.


No matter how much I think about it I can't figure out what happened in his head. Did he care about me and just let his demons take over or did he never care & just use me for his own personal gain? When he was beating me he told me he "stopped loving me a long time ago." & truth comes out when you are drunk. But if he did, why did he keep coming back when I begged him not to dump me? I mean, he did do a few things for me..He called the ambulance for me when I drank to much, projecting vomit, and spent the night waiting at the hospital for me. He bought me some gifts when I caught him doing something and took me out to eat. Just all the negatives outweighed the positives. But did he care about me or not? Why did he cry and act depressed when we broke up? Only to start treating me like less than dirt again? 


I think he was either bipolar, borderline personality or something along those lines. My therapist says that they are addicted to power and control & leaving is maybe a way they still have control on you because you are begging for them back. But when they leave they wont be able to have power over me anymore to satisfy their hunger. I can don't understand all this. 


Can anyone shed some light on the situation? I am having trouble swallowing the fact that I wasn't even strong enough to leave him. I was BEGGING for my ABUSER to come back to ME. 
WHY?????????
He took that satisfaction away. It was insult to injury, a slap in the face. (Literally) I just *can't* understand why. He was so cruel, but acted remorseful and ran away.


(P.s. I am in the process of pressing charges in case you are wondering. & I am so better off without him. Hes in jail and dead to me. I will never want to have contact with him again.)


Any knowledge on this subject is appreciated. Xoxo.


TLDR: What possible reason could possess my abusive boyfriend to leave ME after he beat & almost killed me? Why was I begging for him back and not the other way around?

EDIT: Might I add he had very large sad eyes when I glared at him in court while I gave my testimony. He looked scared and hurt. I was expecting him to look angry but it was mostly of disappointment it seemed. My mom tells me he probably is remorseful, but I have a hard time agreeing. She also mentioned that he probably knew his father was in him, but just couldn't suppress it any longer and is sad it came out and hurt me. Looking back on some old text messages she might be right. One read, "It scares me when I yell at you like that because I don't want to lose control, I don't know what I'm capable of." Showed it to my mom & she said, "Yeah, he knew."

Before when we still talked he did apologize a bunch of times and told me he left because "he didn't want it to happen again" But why do you suddenly care about me right after you beat & break me? With all the mind control, manipulating and lying hes fed me, its no surprise that I am seriously confused and don't know what to believe. With all these mixed messages and signals.