[My previous post](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/24oyzs/so_i_got_a_lot_of_shit_for_being_a_feminist_and/) about my experience as an Asian woman and a feminist had garnered much attention. I’ve decided to make a relevant post but this time about Western women, specifically white women. The following are based on my encounter with western white expats I had met while doing volunteer works in Asia. Let me first say this is just SOME of the expats I’ve met and by no means am I trying to stereotype.  The purpose of this post is to illustrate how SOME men still subscribed to these awful misogynist attitudes, and let me warn you, it ain’t pretty. 

1.	Some of the vitriol they spilled against western white women is just palpable. They think that western women are “ruined” by feminism. That they have turned into man hating femnazis, and they don’t know how to appreciate a “nice guy”. Unlike their eastern counterparts whom are demure and knows how to take care of a man.  

2.	Slut shaming western women.  Saying how the sex-positive aspect of feminism has turned them into sluts. They ride the “cock carousel” in their younger years and as they get older they desperately seek a schmuck to settle down. This is damn hypocritical coming from people who flew half way across the world to get laid. The gross part is a lot of them are English teachers who are there to teach little kids. 

3.	Apparently if you are a woman and when you get fat and old you ain’t worth shit. They say that Western women do not age well and a lot them are fat, while Asian women age better and are slimmer. I explained to them that is partly due to eastern society being very heavy on fat shaming and that puts a lot of pressure on young Asian girls. The response I got is all sort of excuses and mansplaining about why this fat shaming is actually good. I agree for health reasons people should stay fit, but it just reeks of hypocrisy seeing how a lot of them aren’t in the best shape and they want a slim woman. 

4.	They seem to have no empathy for sexism and other issues that women experience. You know how sometimes when there is a post decrying sexism and some dudes would comes in trying to marginalized the conversation and turn it into “what about the menz!”, or they would say that we are just overreacting? Well, that happens a lot in subs like AsianTwoX. Whenever we have posts about yellow fever creepers and microagressions we had experienced as Asian women, creepy dudes and expats would come in trying to derail the conversation, saying that we are just overreacting. Apparently if you have an Asian gf or wife that makes you the authority on dictating what Asian women should or should not find offensive. They would even take our posts and cross-post them to subs like /Chinacirclejerk (full of sexpats) to mock us and call us whiny cunts. I guess it hurts their ego that the “submissive and demure” Asian women are speaking out against them. 

What’s worse is they actually think they are the victim. They think feminism have turned women against them. Oh no not because of their backward-ass misogynist thinking /s. 

Some of you may probably still feel feminism threatens your masculinity, but consider this; would you want your daughter or niece or your love ones to be with any of these men?
