I have thin hair. Not only thin, but fine and smooth. Let me define those terms.

Thin hair means I have not a lot of strands on my head. 

Fine hair means the individual strand width is not big around.

Smooth means each strand has little friction against the others.

I have my hair highlighted blonde because bleach damages the hair strands and makes them a little frizzy. This helps with body.

I never use conditioner.

So I have little hair which is small and lays like silk against my small melon (head). Not only that, the back of my head is pretty flat, so if I don't poof it out at the back I look sort of like a half melon stood on end. 

In addition, I have a wide neck. So if I cut my hair into a pixie cut I just look out of proportion. Like Zippy the Pinhead if you're familiar with that comic. The best look for me is a turtleneck (which have, unfortunately, fallen out of fashion somewhat) and during summers I am SOL. I wear v-neck shirts exclusively which helps, somewhat.

All of this means if I want to leave the house each morning looking halfway decent, I HAVE to wash and blow dry my hair. Every day. If I shower at night and want to 'get up and go' the next day it requires a hat. 

I am constantly asked why I keep my hair short. It's because I cannot grow it long. First of all, it stops growing when it gets to my shoulders and second, it gets stringy at the bottom long before that point. I would grow it out and put it into a ponytail but that exacerbates the smallness of my melon and the ponytail is only about half an inch thick. The Asian women at my work exclaim over how small it is. I have yet to come up with a witty comeback.

Google "fine thin hair" and you'll find photos of various celebrities **including Jennifer Anniston**. Are you fucking kidding me? She's GREEK. You'll also find a lot of photos of people with huge heads and thin necks which can make short hair look pretty good.

Everyone thinks they can give me advice despite the fact that I've been living with this hair for over 40 years. "Oh, you should try this" or "My friend did that", all of which assumes I don't know or understand how my hair grows and what looks best on me.  They all "know" what will look better despite never having worked with my hair, head, neck or face. 

When I had extensions they were so very pretty. People smiled at me, held doors for me, hit on me. I was dating at the time and I posted a pic online and within a day or two had over 200 responses. Before I had the extensions I had maybe 15 over a week. 

Guys who can't grow beards know my pain, to an extent. They understand what it's like to want something that others have but they cannot have. But... imagine if 99% of actors had beards. If every guy on a magazine cover had a beautiful beard. Imagine if it was universally accepted that beards were attractive and no beard was what older or less-attractive guys had. Imagine if every woman they met was taken with beards and most guys could grow beards and beards were the absolute norm. Yeah.

I do the best I can. /rant
