Ever since I have become pregnant (I am 20 weeks), husband and I have been arguing a lot more than usual.  Right now we are both under a lot of stress due to him leaving a high paying job he hated to one that pays half of that.  We are kind of struggling financially but we are doing our best, along with the unplanned pregnancy things have been really stressful.  

I believe our arguments stem from lack of communication.  When I ask him to do something sometimes it will come off as me having an attitude and he no longer wants any part in our discussions and will shut down.  This morning things got out of hand and things were thrown.  Not at each other...it started with me throwing a little food I was cutting, walking away, to him just going completely biserk and throwing food too.  I had never seen him that angry before.  He was yelling that he was tired of my shit.  I didn't say anything back really because I was just shocked.  We spoke again and we both agreed that we are tired of the same argument happening over and over again.  He is tired of me saying sorry and never changing my attitude so me saying sorry again doesn't do anything for him.  I looked up counselors that covered our insurance and told him about it.  He told me he thinks it is overboard, that I just need to work on thinking before I get angry at him.  I told him that that has been the solution before and it has gotten us no where and our fights have worsened.  I do not want to see it get worse from this morning.  I love this man and when we are good we are wonderful.  When we argue it is arguing for 3 minutes tops and then we go hours not speaking and I am sick of it.  I do not know what to do and I do not have ANYONE to talk to.  I already made an appointment and told him but he doesn't seem too thrilled.  I told him that I think it's good I will be able to talk to someone that will help.  He gave me no response.  Am I overreacting going to try to speak to counselor?  I literally do not know what else to do.  I have tried bettering my communication but obviously I am unable to do it on my own.

**Edit: The appointment I made is for myself.  I knew asking him to go would be hard, so my first step is just going for myself for now.**