I really want to share this with someone since it feels so huge to me! I'm a 20 year old lady and my parents just left me at my first apartment in another city and it feels so unreal. 

A little background: I have Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and I've had major depressive episodes in the past as well and for a very long time I felt very hopeless and lost and I had no idea how to get myself out of it and get healthy. I tried to take my life a few times, isolated from almost everyone and everything in my life, dropped out of school in grade 11, and was just generally a mess. My parents stuck by me, though, and kept trying to find help for me. Where I was, though, there were almost no mental health resources and definitely nothing that was equipped to deal with my issues. 

Last fall I was admitted into a specialized treatment facility a few hours away and I've been there until today. I completed two programs (one for stabilization and one for PTSD) and I've made such huge improvement it's, again, almost unreal. I got to read my chart while I was there which included some notes from my regional hospital and it was very depressing to realize how incredibly sick I was but I realized how different I am now. I've put in so much work and been so determined to get better. I'm pretty committed to life now, and to recovery, I'm much more aware and accepting of the special needs I have, and I'm working on not blaming myself for everything that went wrong. It's hard sometimes to deal with the anger I have for what happened to me in my past to set my life so far off track but it's another thing I just have to accept that I cannot change, but I know I can change my future. 

Which leads me to where I am now. The hospital said I needed to continue my treatment as an outpatient so my parents set my older sister and I up in an apartment in a bigger city that has the resources I need and I'm going back to school to complete my high school credits and hopefully be able to grow into someone who's skin is a little easier to live in. I'll always have the scars but maybe they're not quite so suffocating anymore. 

This was super long and probably no one will read it but I just need to share. 