In our time, it is not uncommon to meet someone and form an almost instant friendship. You've either met them in person or online, and upon carrying a conversation you think to yourself "This person seems really cool!" Next thing you know, you've exchanged numbers or agreed to hang out.

In my case, I met him at the park while we were both jogging the trail. He was attractive, college age, and shot me a friendly smile. As I came around the trail a second time, we met again and he asked if he could jog the trail with me. I was in a public setting in broad daylight, so I agreed. He asked for my name and carried on a small talk conversation about fitness. 'What a pleasant jog! What a pleasant conversation!' I think to myself. He has now earned my trust and offers me a ride to my car, which was parked further away. Hot and tired, I agreed. During the ride, our conversation continued. He parked his car next to mine and asked about my interests. He played a few songs from his band and asked for my feedback. He asked for my number and hinted on a future date. Then, he started telling me how beautiful I was and what a great time we'd have on our date. He commented on how I was a shy girl and he would get me drunk on our date to get me out my shell if need be - wait, what? PAUSE. I let out a nervous chuckle "Yeah, I don't think that's gonna happen." Feeling slightly uncomfortable, I start searching for excuses to leave. He then asks me for a kiss, making the situation more uncomfortable. Feeling completely uneasy, I firmly tell him I have to go. He begs me for a kiss on the cheek, to which I just respond a firm goodbye and head for the door. On my way out, he forcefully reaches out and grabs my breast sitting there with a smirk on his face. At this point, I am making the most frantic exit back to my car as possible. The fool has the nerve to say "I guess that means you don't want me to call you, right?" All I can think of is how lucky I was to get away and speed the entire way home. It's easy to feel guilty as if it was my fault for being naive and getting into his car. It was my fault for trusting him. It was my fault because I was initially attracted.

NO. I want you to know, it's not your fault. Since when does getting access to a ride mean access to your body? Just because you've earned my trust enough to get me back to my car on the other side of the lot a few thousand feet away safely does not mean I trust you enough to touch me. Situations like this go about unreported because it is easy to feel at fault. This happened about two months ago and I let him get away because I thought the police would just dismiss it as nothing, besides, I also had a warrant for my arrest at the time for a traffic violation I haven't paid. I got away from the situation, but to this day, I wonder how many other women have fallen victim to his act.

Edit: Not all rapists are unattractive and creepy-looking older men. Not all of them attack right away. The definition of sexual assault is an unsolicited sexual act. If this happens to you, do not hesitate to call the police.