This is weird and all over the place. I wanted to wait a while to collect my thought so that this would be coherent but it probably won't be. I made quite a few errors during this ordeal, so I'm not trying to evade the blame, I just want to talk it out I guess.

I made friends with this guy, let's call him Mike, last year. My relationship ended a few months ago and as such I was spending way more time with my friends, him included. Eventually, Mike admitted to be that he likes me but I was up front and honest about it and told him it was not mutual. He understood, we remained friends, and besides him making awkward jokes about it all the time, I thought we were fine.

A few weeks ago, I went to go visit my friend and him (they live down the street from one another). I live very far, so I planned to stay at her house, but turns out she had work at 6 am and the buses don't run until 10, so Mike offered me his futon. This isn't weird or anything, I've crashed there after pub nights and stuff (albeit, this is before he told me how he felt). 

We got drunk, played some beer pong, listened to music, and hung out like we always have. I got very, VERY drunk. Eventually, my friend left and it was just me and Mike. He brought up his feelings again and I, again, explained to him in nicer words that it would never, ever happen. We're sitting on opposite ends of the room, and all of a sudden he darts out of his chair and puts his hands around me. I was out of it and I thought it was a hug (an uncomfortable one at best). I didn't even reciprocate but the next thing I knew he tried to kiss me. I pushed him away, said no, and distanced myself.

He did this a couple of times. Tried to be romantic by pushing my hair away from my face, stuff like that. Each and every time I told him that made me uncomfortable and told him to stop. 

Finally, I was drunk enough to fall asleep. I went to go sleep on the futon and he offered me his bed (and he would sleep on the futon). Eventually I agreed went to bed. This next parts groggy, mostly because I'm a dead heavy sleeper, but I remember him coming in at one point and asking if we could share the bed because the futon was unbearable. I made a "wall" separating us with pillows and went straight back to sleep.

I wake up a lot during the night, and at one point I wake up, the wall is gone, and he is fondling me. He's in his boxers, he's straddling me, and his hand is under my shirt, on my boob. I just froze. I laid there frozen and didn't know what to do. I half shuffled away, pretending to be asleep, and got away from his touch. This happened a few more times. Every time I woke up, he was cuddling me. The last time I woke up, my bra was unhooked. I gave up and went to the futon.

The next day he asked me if I remember cuddling him. I lied, I said no. He said "well, you agreed to it". I don't know what he meant by this and frankly I don't want to know. 

I'm not saying I was sexually assaulted at all, I was aware of what happened, but it's just disappointing. I had a large amount of respect for this guy.

Now, the kicker. I gave him the benefit of the doubt after this incident. I hadn't seen him since it happened, but a few days ago we all went out for a friends birthday. There I met a friend of his friends who was very fun but very, very drunk. It was her first time at a bar and she came in with 200$ and ended up still having to use her credit card. She was out of it, like x10 worst than I was that night. They all go home, I stay for a bit with some other people, and we leave. All is well.

Mike texted me the next day saying "wow this girl threw up on my comforter!". At first I thought he just gave his bed to some one (he lives in a house filled with uni students, it's not uncommon for party goers to go crash). But it reminded me a little too much of our night. I asked who it was, and he told me it was that girl, the one who was so drunk. I asked if he slept with her, he said something along the lines of "yeah but she was so out of it it wasn't even fun".

I lost it. I called him out, he called me sexist ("because I was drunk to"... No, he was not. I saw him, he was fine). I told him why I thought he was wrong and he said "sorry I don't want you to have a bad opinion of me". It has nothing to do with me having a bad opinion of him, it has to do with NOT SEXUALLY ASSAULTING PEOPLE WHEN THEY'RE DRINKING.

I'm just confused and lost and this is not the person I was friends with.