First time posting here so if this needs to be in another sub please let me know. I love this subreddit and think everyone here is just super nice and helpful when it comes to womanly times and just need some feedback and advice. Also apologies now for errors, typing this on my phone.

So about two weeks ago I went and got an IUD put in. I(23) have never had children and have always been on the pill but lets be real, I forgot to take it more times than I actually remember. So I needed something less daily and still be effective. Had some slight cramps the first day and only minimal spotting. But overall couldn't be happier.

Well the next week I had a biopsy scheduled because past pap smears had shown abnormal cells and they wanted to be sure it wasn't cancerous. (It isn't, yay) That was another fun filled day of cramps and spotting. I was informed that it would last a few days and be like a light period and if the bleeding should ever soak through the pad to contact the doctor immediately. 

So fast forward to today and i've got real cramps that are just irritating and the bleeding, although not severe, is no longer the spotting it was a week ago. I am both frustrated and nervous because I wanted the IUD so I wouldnt have to have periods but also concerned something isn't healing right. I was told to not use a tampon the first 24 hours but I still waited 48 just to be safe. I have only used one a couple times when I know I'll be at work for long hours and not have a chance to freely change a pad. (Retail is very demanding :/) and haven't been having sex either since well I'm bleeding and cramping.  The cramping is worse when I wear a tampon so I've invested in a large bottle of 500mg Tylenol (allergic to ib profuen) and take those accordingly. When not on BC I would get mind numbing cramps and would be out of commission for a few days until I could tolerate the pain again. 

So what is going on with my body right now? Has anyone else had the same symptoms after a biopsy or IUD insertion? I'm going to contact my doctor tonight and hopefully schedule an appointment later this week but until then I just need to ease my mind a little. 

TL;DR: Have had an IUD inserted and a biopsy done less than a week apart and am still bleeding and cramping today.