Dear tinyboldgirl,

I’m sorry that it’s taken me twenty years to get this out to you. This is by far the most painful thing I have ever done. I had to get up to turn all the lights out because even the act of typing these words out makes me want to throw my computer out the window and comfort myself by thinking of ways to die before I go to sleep. I’ve started and stopped this document periodically over the years, unsure of how to put it all out there; unsure of what words to use. Some people are able to poetically write their experience. Some people are able to make it tragically beautiful. I’m sorry that I can’t do that. I’m sorry that this is so painful. I don’t even know where to start.

I’m sorry that I couldn’t put words to the experience you had when you were six. I’m sorry that I suppressed the memories and told you that you were lying to yourself. I’m sorry that sometimes you still feel like you’re lying to yourself. I’m sorry that I have to write a letter to myself as if I am not myself because this is so fucking painful that using the word “I” instead of “you” makes me want to slit my wrists open and bleed out in a bathtub full of hot water.
This is so fucking hard to type out and I’m sorry that it is so raw. Tinyboldgirl, you were molested when you were six years old. I’m sorry that this is the only validation you’ll ever receive and I’m sorry that it has to come from yourself, but after twenty years of denying it – that’s better than nothing I suppose. You were molested by your best friend. She forced you to perform oral sex on her because if you didn’t, you weren’t her best friend. You didn’t really have many friends and you had a shitty, nonexistent relationship with your parents so you didn’t really know better. It’s not your fault even though it feels like it is. She made you lie there as she performed oral sex on you while her older brother video-taped it. When you threatened to tell, he duct taped her hands and your hands and then pushed you down the stairs. It was that day when you realized no one would ever listen to you and I’m sorry to say this but you were right.

You were molested for three years until they moved houses. She then began to masturbate in front of you with pens and pencils and other sharp things. I know you’ve been trying to block this out of your memory for years. I know this is why you don’t masturbate and I know this is why you hate oral sex. I know this is why you feel like you want to kill yourself when guys and even other girls shame you for not masturbating and not wanting to give blow jobs. I’m sorry, I am so fucking sorry that this is the way it is and people are just generally pretty terrible. I’m sorry that all I can say is I’m sorry.
When they moved to another part of Texas, I know that you were relieved. You tried visiting them a few times but you knew in your heart that you were really fucking happy that they were gone and that you’d never see her brother again. Your parents never knew and will never know.

I am sorry that when you were in seventh grade, you “dated” a boy who stalked you in fifth and sixth grade because that’s how you thought it was supposed to be. I’m sorry that you thought if you “just gave in” things would be better. He manipulated you and abused you and I’m sorry that when you think of movie theaters and the color red and black boots, you want to kill yourself. He stalked you for eight years after that.

When you were a junior in highschool, you fell head over heels for a guy with blue eyes and a nice smile. You thought if you could just put all of the ugly things behind you, things could really work out. You thought if you just treated this boy like the way you wanted to be treated, things could really work out.

It was late September, early November in your senior year of highschool when he raped you anally. You stood there in Memorial Park, pulling up your shorts, feeling the sting of ripped tissue, feeling the blood and semen spilling out of you. He stared at you in disgust, telling you to “clean yourself up”. You felt so embarrassed and ashamed that you wanted to die but you did as you were told and you told yourself that you liked it and you held his hand as you walked back to his car together. I am so sorry, I am so fucking sorry.
A week to the day later, you found out he cheated on you and you cried and cried. You still kept thinking that if you forgave him, if you were a good girl, things would get better. If you just shoved it under the rug, things would get better. If you tried harder, things would get better. So you got all dolled up for homecoming and tried to be a good girl but it didn’t work because he raped you in his car in front of your house anyway.

Your boyfriend raped you. He grabbed you by the back of your head and dragged your body over the console. Your face hit the steering wheel and he took his penis out and hit you in the face and in the eyes with it. He told you to give him a blow job, that he deserved it, that you owed it to him, that he’s been waiting patiently all this time. You kept begging him to stop, you kept saying no, please, no, I don’t want to do this. You tried to get up and he forced your lips onto his penis. You tried to say no and he forced it inside of your mouth. Your tongue was on the tip and it tastes so sour and bitter. You were so scared. You tried to pull back and he pushed you down. You couldn’t breathe; you felt like you were choking.

When he let you up, you asked him if he would walk you to your door and he said no because his mom and dad were probably worried about him. He told you to keep it a secret because it would hurt his reputation if people found out. He told you to confide in him whenever you felt bad because, really, he was the only person you had left.
He was mentally, emotionally and sexually abusive to you. He kept on raping you for two more years after that. I’m sorry that when you think of sex, you think of feeling scared and if it isn’t scary, then it isn’t sex. I’m sorry that when you think of yourself, you feel broken. I’m sorry that when people try to pay for your coffee, it makes you think of those words that he said to you: “You owe me this”. I’m sorry that I’ll be the only person who will ever apologize to you because people are generally pretty rotten and selfish and don’t really know what to say to rape survivors like you. 


But I also want to say that I’m fucking proud of you. You have nothing and no one but you still hold your head really fucking high and soldier through the pain. You’re 2 months clean from cutting yourself even though no one cared if you were cutting yourself or not. Even though you’re failing school in most areas right now and your parents don’t care to understand why, you’re ALIVE and that in itself is pretty fucking amazing.

I’m proud of you because you get up in the morning and you look at yourself in the mirror and you think to yourself, “Even if no one else thinks I’m beautiful, I think I’m beautiful.” I’m proud of you because you had the courage to get those tattoos and walk away from someone who was hurting you because you finally believed that you didn’t deserve that anymore. I’m not sure if ‘better’ exists but I know that you’ll never put up with anything like that ever again.
I’m proud of you because even though it’s hard not having anyone, at least you’ve had the courage to walk this path 100% alone. That’s a lot more than other people can say for themselves. I’m so fucking proud of you, I am so fucking proud of you.

I’m proud of you because even though every person who has ever loved you has hurt you in horrible ways, you still haven’t given up on the idea of love and being loved by someone. I am not sure that person exists but I do know that at least in my head, you’ll be loved by someone who accepts your past and won’t ever force you to give him a blow job. He won’t even ever ask about it. Don’t give up on finding that person and don’t hang around girls and guys who say that one day you’ll just “get over it”.

The life you have led is horrific and yet I’m proud of you because you try your best not to hurt anyone and you rescue every damn animal that you see. I’m proud of you because you’ve gotten rid of most of the negative people in your life and I’m proud of you because you stand up for yourself. I’m proud of you because you’re in therapy. I’m proud of you because you fight to give other rape survivors a voice, even when other people think it’s socially inappropriate. I’m proud of you because you want to become a licensed counselor for people just like you. 

I’m sorry that you can’t sleep at night because you’re plagued with nightmares and I’m sorry that when you think of men, a tiny part of you hates them. I hope that one day you’ll meet one that makes you think that they can be good people but I don’t blame you for thinking that they’re not.

Love,

tinyboldgirl 
