It started about 2 months ago, when I cut my hair off. I've always been a bit of a tomboy, but I do like girly stuff too. I wear makeup, but usually just foundation and mascara. I dress in t shirts and jeans, but tight fitting and girly. Now this isn't to say that lesbians do the opposite of these things or that straight girls wear makeup and dresses, but this will be a factor later so Im mentioning it now. Anyways, about two months ago I decided to take the plunge and do a pixie cut. (It doesnt look great, I think I have too round a face but that's besides the point.) I am off at school, so my mom only saw facebook photos and she calls me up to talk about it. 

She tells me she likes "the new me" and after a bit of normal back and forth she asks if there's anything else new I'd like to tell her. I say no and ask what she means, and she basically says that she has suspected since I was very little that I was a homosexual and that she knows it can be hard to tell people about but that she loves me and supports me. I tell her a little shocked that I am not gay, and she says "whenever youre ready to talk about it, I'll be here." It was weird, but I brushed it off and reassured her I wasn't gay. 

Fast forward a few weeks, and I'm home for a visit and my dad starts talking to me about boys. I have never had a boyfriend (I'm 21) and he laughs and says "Well, don't worry, there's plenty of boys out there." Then pauses, and adds "You know, there are plenty of girls out there too. Your mother told me you were not interested in talking about it, but whoever you bring home just know we will be happy." This led to a huge fight with me practically yelling at them that I do not like girls and never have and hem exchanging glances with one another and saying that they accept me no matter what. I say can you accept it if I'm straight? My mom just folds her arms and says "Can you?" and tells me she just wants me to be happy and to find happiness no matter what anyone says. She brings up the way I dress, that I never want to dress "girly", that I have had no interest in men, and that when I was little I used to say I was going to marry Ariel as opposed to my sisters who all liked John Smith, Prince Edward etc.) I give up at this point and just say ok. 

They didn't bring it up again, and it cooled down a bit until Easter. The family was grilling so people were milling back and forth from out to inside and eventually I was outside alone with my uncle. He asks me about school and stuff, I ask him about work. The normal. Then suddenly he says "If you were gay no one in the family would say a word. You'd just be my gay niece! I'd be proud to have you as a niece, gay or not." I didn't even respond to him I just went inside and confronted my mother. 

By this point I was so frustrated I just began to cry which she took as some kind of "please, help me come out of the closet" and said she had even talked to my grandparents about it and they promised to be respectful. She told me not to worry, kept consoling me all while I was so frustrated I just kept crying and crying. I left without even saying goodbye. Yesterday was the first time I talked to my mom since, and I sent her a very long text basically explaining that I was not a lesbian and to stop bringing it up because it was embarrassing and confusing. She replied "I love you so much, always. No matter what." 

Still seems to me she thinks I'm a deeply closeted lesbian. I dont know how to deal with this. My entire family is very conservative and on one hand I'm touched that they would be so accepting of me, but on the other, I really am not gay, and it is hurting my feelings that they think so. (No offense to any of my lesbian sisters out there.) I dont know what to do about this.