With the default status of /r/TwoXChromosomes the overall quality of this sub-reddit is declining. It is readily apparent in every comments section that I read on this subreddit. 
(note, as a non subscribed redditor, the only ones I read are those that make it to my front page stream when I'm not signed in)
The FAQ for this sub-reddit states:
"Once you make an account you can unsubscribe from any of them and you will no longer see them. You can also search for more sub-reddits that suit you interests and subscribe to them thus customizing what you do and don't see."
this is not an adequate solution, because as I've evidenced even those unsubscribed can still read, and likely do for more than just my one case, the popular threads on this sub-reddit. Like me those that read threads on this sub-reddit when not logged in may feel compelled to log in to comment in a fashion that may be contrary to the intent of this sub-reddit. this means that the overall quality of this sub-reddit declines. Even this post can be construed as being derogatory towards the sub-reddit simply because it disagrees with the ideals of this sub-reddit. It seems that the old subscribers of this sub-reddit do not enjoy hearing opinions other than the ones they expect to hear when posting to this sub-reddit. I don't disagree that there are occasions during which the idea of being validated by like-minded individuals is very appealing and sometimes required, but opening a sub-reddit that previously had a very defined set of beliefs to the general public detriments that congruence. Being a Default sub-reddit helps introduce it to new people who were otherwise unaware of its existence. This is a double edged sword, since it introduces people who don't agree with the general worldview that this sub-reddit has including people like myself who have no problem with this sub-reddit existing, but also including people who will troll this sub-reddit and purposefully lower the quality of purpose that it can fulfill.