Before I begin, I will disclose a bit about myself:
I am a twenty-one-year-old soon-to-be university graduate of philosophy and public health, living in the Pacific Northwest U.S., working as a concierge, a maid, a tutor, and a sales associate before I enter graduate school. As someone with an interest and background in ethics as it relates to public health and other areas of social justice, the controversy of choice has always astounded me. I consider all decisions related to conception and childbirth to be of the parents' sole preferences provided that the decisions will not compromise the health of the mother or the total well-being of the child after he/she is born. I am pro-motherhood-by-choice, not motherhood-by-chance.
After having researched infertility and the demand for healthy, educated ova donors, I decided that I wanted to become one. The idea of helping strangers in such a personal way fascinated me. 

The application process:
In November 2013, I applied to a local fertility clinic to become a donor The paper application asked all about my individual and family health history, my education and work experience, my interests, and required that I submit photographs of myself as an infant, young child, adolescent, and of how I currently look. Within a week of submitting my application, the clinic's donor coordinator informed me that they would like for me to be an egg donor and asked me to come in for an interview and physical.
At this appointment I met with two different medical staff: one of whom was a nurse practitioner who performed a full physical and ultrasound, asked about my reasons for wanting to become an egg donor, and explained to me the whole donation process. Another member of the medical staff drew my blood for a Counsyl genetic test and for sexually transmitted diseases. I was informed that I would have to go off my oral birth control medication for two months before they could assess my base hormone levels. Three months go by fine and dandy (having sex relatively infrequently and always using a barrier method of protection), and I go back to the clinic for my follow-up appointment for the aforementioned testing. I learn immediately after my ultrasound that all my anatomy looks good, and a few days later they inform me that my hormone levels are normal. At this point, I am asked to submit a description of myself, my sister, and both of my parents to add to my donor profile. Once this process is completed, I was officially added to the donor registry, accessible only by prospective ova recipients through the clinic's donor coordinator. Included in the profile were the descriptions, my ethnicity, height, weight, education level, high school GPA, blood type, and a picture of me as an infant. Since I had the option to include an adult photo, I gave them one, as I look quite different than in my baby picture! Within three weeks, I was informed that a couple was interested in using me as their egg donor.

Preparing for donation:
From the phone call informing me of my having been picked up to the date of my ova retrieval, the entire process took roughly three and a half weeks. 
On the first appointment, I went in for another ultrasound and blood draw and was taught about my medication administration. The medications for the first two weeks were HcG and Follistim; by the third week I incorporated Ganirelix into the routine; two days before the scheduled retrieval, I took a trigger medication. In addition to these, I was required to drink 4 8 fl. oz. drinks of Nuun/water mixture; 3 whey protein shakes, and 4 8 fl. oz. glasses of water. I had to keep exercise to a bare minimum, refrain from using any drugs or alcohol, refrain from sex entirely, and was told to expect bloating and frequent urination. From the day I started my medications, I had to return to the clinic every two days for an ultrasound (in order to monitor my ova growth) and blood draw (in order to test my estrogen level.) Once I had multiple ova above 18mm diameter and the rest of my ova above 12mm, I was advised to give myself the trigger medication and stop using the other medications. On the final appointment, I signed all of the legal paperwork, and that was it before the retrieval!

The retrieval procedure:
My retrieval was set for 8:45 am two days after I administered my trigger medication. I was not allowed to ingest any food or liquid past midnight the day prior and could not wear makeup, perfume, deodorant, nail polish, or be near anyone who smoked the morning of the retrieval, as the eggs are extremely sensitive. Additionally, I was required to arrange for someone to drive me to the clinic, take me back home, and stay with me for the duration of the day. I asked my boyfriend to do this for me, as he has been extremely supportive of my decision all along and wanted to be there for me in whatever way he could. 
We arrived at the clinic an hour early, so my boyfriend and I were taken to what would be my recovery room. I removed all of my clothing (minus my knee-high socks for comfort and sass) and put on a surgical gown, booties, and a hair net. I waited with my boyfriend in the room on the bed covered in very warm blankets (I assumed to dilate my blood vessels?) until it came time to speak with the anesthesiologist. He turned out to be an incredibly sweet, caring, and soft-spoken young guy who double-checked that I had no allergies then brought me into the surgical room. At this point my boyfriend was asked to leave, so he wandered outside the building in wait for a call from a nurse to come retrieve me. The surgical procedure happened very quickly. I was asked by a nurse to sit on an odd surgical table with padded stirrups that locked my legs in. The anesthesiologist asked if I wanted to listen to anything on Pandora, as it was "[my] day," which completely comforted and me and reminded me that what I was doing was a really good thing. Shortly thereafter, he placed an IV into my arm, administered a pain medicine, which immediately made me feel woozy. After, an oxygen mask was placed over my face, and I had to take big breaths. Within about five seconds, the anesthesia was injected into my IV, and I was asleep. The next thing I remember, I was back in the recovery room wrapped in a warm blanket on that same bed. My throat felt dry so I began to cough, which prompted a nurse to come in and check on me. She gave me treats and a drink, helping me as needed. I was instructed to continue to lay down for another half an hour or more, however long I desired. At this point, I really only felt slightly woozy, like I had just awoken from a long daytime nap--only a little abdominal cramping. After the half hour, the same nurse helped me get dressed into the pajamas I had brought and called my boyfriend to come back for me. I was provided a discharge sheet for my recovery instructions, given a check for my donation, thanked warmly, and off I went with my boyfriend.

The recovery: 
I was told to expect some vaginal bleeding, abdominal cramping, and lethargy for the rest of the day. I didn't experience much of the first two--certainly less than what I would experience during a normal period--but I was extremely tired, so I slept for the duration of the day. The next day, I was back at work with no symptoms beyond bloating. For the next week, up until today, I continued with the protein/water/Nuun routine as advised. And today, as I was told to anticipate, I began my period with a heavier than normal flow. Bloating has gone away, and I feel just as I did before I started the treatment.

Side Effects: 
I was nervous at first about injecting myself every day, twice a day with my medications, but it was actually easy and mostly painless. I bruised something fierce at the injection sites (in my belly fat) and could feel little lumps beneath the area, but that was it, really. Bloating was the only symptom I experienced, which I am told was a result of my having followed the supplemental nutrition routine.

My Overall Impression:
Through the entire process, all of the clinic's administrative and medical staff made me feel welcome, appreciated, and really quite human. Any questions that I had they answered promptly and made my health, safety, and well-being their number 1 concern. At my last appointment prior to retrieval, they even gave me a present for "being so accommodating and sweet" throughout the process, which included a thank you card signed by all of the staff that I worked with, a giant NY Times best-selling cookbook, cupcake tins, an an apron. Beyond that, the medication administration really wasn't that bad. The only negative aspect of the entire process was the time commitment, but that was to be expected. I am glad that the donation was anonymous, but I cannot help but want to know a little about the couple as well as whether the donation results in a viable pregnancy. Nevertheless, I regard this as one of the biggest and most rewarding decisions of my life and I would gladly do this again.

I hope that my story helps anyone who may be considering donating her ova, any infertile women thinking about trying IVF, or anyone who's just curious about the whole process. I am happy to answer any questions that you may have. 

Thank you for listening! 
