When I was researching different forms of birth control, a lot of negative or scary stories came up for IUDs, which sucked... because that was the form of birth control I most liked. I ended up having a Mirena, which is a hormonal IUD, inserted when I was about 19. 

Let me start by saying I suffer from panic attacks, anxiety, and depression. I am being medicated for it successfully, so it hadn't been a major, life-stopping problem for about a year at the time of insertion. I'm not saying necessarily that the Mirena caused it, but I started getting anxious and panicky afterwards with no cause that I or my family or friends could determine. I was happy with my job, my SO, my living situation, etc... So, I decided to have it removed in hopes that, even if I was making myself panicky over the hormones, my anxiety would dissipate. The anxiety went away and so did the annoying break outs I seemed to be having. So I just used condoms for a while until I finally made an appointment to have a Paraguard (non-hormonal) in. 

I went in on the last day of my period (a feat in itself as I have irregular periods, don't worry I've had everything checked out, my body is just weird.) The cramping was no worse than a bad period cramp and it was only at it's worst while my cervix was being held open by the clamp. It was moderately sore for the next two days afterwards, which went away with some ibuprofen and a HarryPotter-a-thon. 

It's been in for two and a half months. A lot of women say they bleed more heavily afterwards or that their cramps are worse... Here's the weird part, I've had mildly heavier bleeding, but my period cramps have all but disappeared. Also, and this could be completely unrelated, my period has been on-the-dot on time for the two months after. We shall see if that continues at the end of this month when I'm due for my next cycle. 

While I was researching IUDs there were a lot of horror stories. Women who had incredibly painful insertions with long after-effects. My experience was incredibly positive, especially given that I have had no real side effects. AND, the best part, I don't have to think about it for the next 10 YEARS--possibly even longer! At a 99% effectiveness rate as long as it stays in the correct position which is pretty easy to check and very easy for your OBGYN to confirm. I had mine checked yesterday.

So, if you're having issues with hormonal birth control or problems remembering to take your birth control every day, I sincerely hope you give the Paraguard a try and that your experience is as positive as mine was!

If anyone has any questions about my experience, feel free to ask or send me a private message if you're embarrassed!

(EDIT: TL;DR: I had a Mirena, not so happy. Got a Paraguard inserted instead. Magic and unicorns and no side effects for me! Yay!)