I'm 21 and I to date have never developed a 'proper' crush on someone. There's various celebrities and a few fictional characters I'd say I have a bit of one on, and I do see various people that it's like 'Oh hello, you're rather nice looking'. But it's never been a full blown crush, and on an few that are more 'intense' it's generally because they seem to be a genuinely nice person, so it's more like 'Awww they seem nice, wouldn't it be nice to meet them?' 

I never went through a 'boy crazy/girl crazy' phrase and I'd say the whole thing was kind of low on my radar like when I was in primary school and about 7/8 I think and people were moving onto 'crushes' and 'boyfriend/girlfriend' stuff I wasn't interested (whilst academically 'bright' and apparently slightly advanced I think socially I lagged behind a bit), like I think some vague 'Oh a realtionship would be nice' stuff came through when I was about 16. 

I'm not really sure on my orientation, because of the 'never had a proper crush' thing means there's not a clear 'Oh I like xyz' to go with. And by extension I've never dated, (I tried online dating for a short period but it didn't really work out due to personal circumstances at the time),never flirted with anyone (I've been hit on but both cases have been rather creepy) you get the picture. I don't think I'm on the Ace spectrum but who knows. 

I don't think there's anything 'wrong' . I know I'm likely very much not the only one. 

I feel a lot of it is more personal circumstances have not given me the opportunity to be in a position to get a crush/have a chance to go out with someone . Like I got bullied in school, I'm quite introverted and have sort of solitary hobbies and by my own admission I don't get out much (and there's not a lot of places to go where I live), and I honestly don't have a wide social circle. 

I seem to get on with people okay, at least I'm a lot better than I was, I'm dyspraxic and one of the things it can effect is social skills, so I honestly do find it hard to interact with people at times, like just not really knowing 'how' to be sociable. 

Edit: I think I made this for the sake of seeing if there was any input I got get from people who've been in/are in a similar situation, advice maybe? 