My childhood was drastically altered because of a girl. 

I am a girl. I was two years younger than the daughter of a family friend that my mom used to babysit. We were best friends, her the ringleader, me the cheerleader. I would do whatever she told me. The earliest memory I've been able to recover is when I was about five years old. The girl (we'll call her Tina) was very much interested in horses, and I, being the granddaughter of a man with a small farm, showed her around the horse pen, the tack, the trailer. The movie Spirit had just come out, and Tina asked me if I had seen it. I excitedly told her yes, and she asked if I wanted to play pretend. She generously let me be Rain (the girl horse) while she played Spirit (the male horse). We ran around pretending to be horses, and eventually she led me into the horse trailer. The details get fuzzy here, but the next thing I remember, she is humping me like a horse would. Despite my efforts to escape (after growing bored -- I had no idea what was being mimicked), she holds me in place and continues until she collapses and my uncle calls for us outside the trailer.

This, unfortunately, was only the beginning. Her obsession with horses, mating, and using me as her puppet continued to escalate until, for reasons unrelated to the molesting and inappropriate behavior, Tina was no longer allowed at my house. 

I don't remember if she ever directly penetrated me, but I remember always feeling dirty and tainted with her, yet I still longed to be her closest companion. 

My oldest and closest friend (not Tina) is also a victim of her abuse. We have never discussed it. As a kid, I played dirty with her too, although not to the degree as Tina played with me. Mostly just with dolls. I feel so guilty for occasionally reciprocating and then mimicking the behavior. It eats at me. 

When I went through puberty (at age 10-11, 5th grade), I had trouble fitting in. I had boobs but no bras, I stank, and I was new. A girl who wore massive amounts of eyeliner took me in. We'll call her Susan. Susan frequently talked about losing her virginity, having sex, and the benefits of being young and looking older. She had apparently had sex many times. Eventually, talk progressed to her being interested in girls. She grabbed my breasts and butt almost every day, before and after school, complimenting me on both. I don't know why, but I never told any authority figures. 

I hope that there's someone out there who knows that they aren't alone. It took me a long time to talk about any of the abuse I received, let alone indirectly gave. My friend probably would never have been introduced to such grossly perverted things if not for me. Tina recently had a baby, and my mother threw her a shower because Tina's mom died years ago. I didn't attend, but I never said why. I see Tina frequently, but I don't think I'll ever mention what she did to her.

And through all this, I wonder who did something to Tina and Susan. Maybe a guy, maybe a girl like her. Where does it start? I don't know. I just don't feel like there's a lot of support for stories like mine. We're all sisters here, with emotional bonds. Yet, here my sisters were, using my emotional bonds against me.


Sorry, this kind of turned into a rant. I just wanted to share, in case there's someone out there like me who needs someone to talk to.