I wasn't sure who else to share this with, I just needed to get it off my chest. I just feel so fucking violated and for some reason embarrassed and ashamed at the same time.

I have a summer internship that I work at two or three days a week, and today I finished my work early and was able to leave early, which was awesome. I love my internship but really need a paying job so I've been applying all over my city, and since I was off work early I thought I'd follow up at a place at an outdoor market that told me they might have an opening.

The market is really cool and actually fairly famous, but the neighborhood it's in has its ups and downs. It's a bit ghetto and sketchy in places, but also contains a ton of historic buildings, some trendy independently owned shops and restaurants, and a gorgeous park that is probably my favorite place in the whole city. It still has a reputation (especially amongst the middle-class white people in my area) for being hood as fuck and completely unsafe, but from my experience 99% of the people there are friendly, cool, and helpful.

Anyway, I stopped at the market, still in my work clothes (a simple business-casual dress and flats) only to find that the hiring manager had left early and I'd have to stop back tomorrow. But it was a gorgeous day, and not too late in the afternoon, so I decided to walk down to the park I mentioned earlier and enjoy the sunshine for a while, then maybe stop at some of the shops in the trendier part of the neighborhood to see if any of them were hiring. 

On my way down to the park, I realized that the street from the market to the park was actually pretty long, and pretty sketchy. Nothing I couldn't handle, but a couple of jackasses started catcalling me as I walked by (one guy said "hey baby, lemme get a slice of that pie!" y'know, shit like that). Ugh. I felt a bit uncomfortable and embarrassed, but I decided to ignore them and go enjoy the park, which I did (had a long conversation with a sweet old black lady about Frieda Kahlo, which was unexpected but cool--like I said, 99% of the people in this neighborhood are friendly and awesome) and then wandered down to the shops for a bit. 

As I started the walk back to my car (which was still parked at the market) I realized that I had absolutely no fucking idea where I was. I turned down what I thought was the right street, looked around, realized I still didn't know where I was, lather, rinse, repeat, until I was totally and thoroughly lost, on one of the sketchier side streets of the area. At this point I was a little worried, but I've gotten lost in worse places, so I just pulled out my phone with GPS for directions back to the market. As I walked in the direction it told me to go, I passed another guy, with several friends, who shouted "mm baby, how much for that?" 

I'd never felt more uncomfortable, but I just tried to ignore him and kept walking, even though he was still shouting shit at me, and his friends had joined in. At this point I'm near tears, my feet have blisters on them from my flats, I just want to get the fuck back to my car and go home. I get to an intersection where I need to cross the street. As I'm waiting for the light to turn, I glance behind me and this guy and one of his friends had fucking FOLLOWED me to the intersection and were right behind me, still saying sexually explicit things to me. I turned around to just tell them to stop, thinking maybe that would do something, and saw one of the guys reaching out to try and physically grab my ass.

 At that point I literally ran across the street, because fuck the don't walk sign, and walked as fast as possible back towards where my car was. I made it back to my car, happily, but not before getting catcalled by TWO MORE DIFFERENT GUYS.

I got into my car and literally just sat there and cried for probably ten minutes before I felt stable enough to drive home. I'm probably overreacting, I didn't get groped or raped or assaulted, but I feel so fucking violated and somehow also really embarrassed and ashamed, like it was my fault for wearing a dress and makeup in a sketchy area, or just being in that area in the first place. I feel like if I tell anyone then they'll tell me it's my own fault, I just feel so stupid and ashamed and gross and I don't know what to do or if I should even do anything. All I wanted to do was enjoy a cool neighborhood on a Friday afternoon. Why can't I fucking do that without becoming like some fucking sex object that only exists to be objectified? Fuck.

I'm sorry for the long story and the rant. I just needed to tell somebody. Ugh.

EDIT: Wow, coming back to see all this support really, really helped. Thank you all so much for the virtual hugs and reassurances that it's ok to be upset and that I didn't do anything wrong. I think the most annoying part is that I know with absolute certainty in the logical part of my brain that their actions weren't my fault, and yet for some reason I STILL feel angry at myself. I don't know why that is, and it's as confusing to me as it would be to anyone else. 

For people asking why I didn't put them in their place or defend myself, I should explain that I've never been catcalled by so many people in such a short period of time, and I'm not used to being catcalled at all in the first place (I'm from a pretty suburban area). When that sort of thing happens and you're not prepared for it, your head starts racing and so many thoughts and feelings hit at once, and before you can form a coherent sentence in your defense, even if it's just "fuck you," the moment's over and the people are behind you. I wish I'd said something in retrospect, but I'm trying not to beat myself up about the fact that I didn't.