This post is about my experience as a feminist, and how I got so much shit for it because I am also an Asian women. You know, because of the whole demure, submissive, china doll stereotype. Oftentimes you hear Asian women regarded as the epitome of femininity, thus why a lot of men are interested in us. I don’t see this as a compliment at all, but rather dehumanizing. Why? Because a lot of these men who subscribe to this stereotype are some of most misogynistic and possess ridiculous backward thinking. That me being a feminist somehow makes me less of an Asian women because I am not submissive and "act like a men-hating feminazi".  

For example, there are a lot of sexpats coming in to /s/Asiantwox (a sub for Asian American women) to creep on Asian women. They would always try to marginalize every discussion we have pertaining to racial and gender issues. Last time I tried to call out such troll, he sent me a long message about how we are overreacting and how “feminism has ruined us” (this is why I use a throwaway account, to prevent harassment). Okay, just because we don’t fit into your sexist stereotypical view of how an Asian women should act, then we are somehow no good. Then I dig into this guy’s comment history, lo and behold, he is a frequenter of porn subs with Asian women, a red-piller who thinks a wife cannot deny her husband sex under any circumstance, hates white women, a sexpat in Hong Kong, and a Men’s Right and White Right activist. I am not surprised at all, because I found that a good chunk of these men who have “yellow fever” are like that. That they are so misogynistic and backward thinking that no western women would want them, so they seek out Asian women, whom they believe is more submissive and “what a proper women should act”. Does this sound like men you would want to date? 

It doesn't help that often times they are treated like kings in Asian countries, because some Asian girls see white men as some sort of status symbol. Doesn't matter how much of a sexist pig the guy is, by being a privileged white men you would still have local girls running into your arm. I felt like these women are full filling the stereotype. 

In no way am I trying to lump together every guy whom has an interest in Asian women as sexist. It is just that in my experience, there are a lot of these men that are like that. There is a distinction between a guys who has a certain preference (in this case, racial preference) vs those who have "yellow fever".  
