Okay so right now I really want a breast reduction they are far too big and overly saggy. I think I could handle being a 26year old female with perky boobs that were ginormous but at 36DDD they're more of a pain in the ass than anything. 

The thing is I have some other medical complications, like I have Iron Deficient Anemia, I have some random rare condition that has put me on a feeding tube and (I don't eat by mouth at all), I have some bizarre onset of arthritis or "Joint Pain" because doctors don't like diagnosing someone as young as me with arthritis.

In June, I'm going in for a procedure that involves swapping the feeding tube out for a smaller "low profile" one in June. I'm practically an expert at procedures and right now my parents (the ones financing this potential reduction - so they have a "say"/power) want me to wait until the feeding tube is removed however that is like a life sentence because the tube is going to be in anywhere from Six Months - THE REST OF MY LIFE (worst case scenario)!

I know RIGHT NOW isn't the time, but I want to start the research part of getting this reduction. I'd ideally do it end of July/mid-August. I live in the plastic capital of the USA (Los Angeles) and figure I could find a really good doctor that could fix me up and help me greatly.

Obviously, I'm really sick of waiting for this. I think it could really help my back/joint pain in that area of my body. I always used to say before I got sick, "I'll do it in x amount of pounds, when I'm fit." Well the truth of the matter is I'm a normal weight now and I just need this done.


Fuck. I don't even know what to do. My family has made it very clear they aren't supportive of the idea unless the feeding tube is out but with another Six Months - THE REST OF MY LIFE range it just seems ridiculous. 

Ideally as well since I'd be going under for surgery I'd have them get rid of a little tummy/hip/tight weight too but with the feeding tube in I don't know how possible that is, and I'm cool if they don't do that. BUT I REALLY WANT THE REDUCTION. SOONER THAN LATER! While, I'm still improving on myself and doing nothing serious with my life.

Thoughts ladies?