Last week my boyfriend suffered a concussion whilst horsing around and wrestling with a friend. He knocked himself unconscious and terrified both the friend and those around him. He claimed to be "fine" the day of but started experiencing severe headaches and nausea the next day, so we went to the hospital. We are still waiting for a CT scan but he's been officially diagnosed with a concussion and was advised to take it easy.

However, he hasn't. He owns and coaches at a gym which he hasn't taken any time off of but can be easily modified to keep him safe. However, he also still insists on working out although he claims to have "modified" the workouts to be less stressful to his head. He's still pushing himself pretty intensely to the point where he's very dizzy or throws up after workouts despite doctors orders.

I've told him about a million times that I'd like him to stop working out. Pretty much everyone in his circle of family and friends has told him this. He initially did try to stay off his feet but said he felt "fine" and was back at it after not even a day of rest. He's convinced himself that the positive benefits of exercise are somehow actually good for his potential brain energy and that he's modified things enough to be okay. 

I'm really worried about him, especially as his CT scan is still days away and he has worsening symptoms following exercise. On top of that, I'm also pretty mad at him as well for being so stupid and careless with his health. Part of me feels guilty for even being mad about it, since it is his body and his choice. 

Furthermore, all of our family and friends not only think he's an idiot but have now started seeing me in a negative light as well. I've heard behind my back how I'm an idiot for not "making him stop" and for "putting up with his idiocy" from his siblings and even from my own!

Anyone have any advice here? I've tried talking to him (and yelling at him!) and it doesn't seem to be getting through. Dealing with my worry and anger as well as external pressures from our friends and family has left me even more exhausted and I find myself suffering from terrible insomnia. I check on him throughout the night, especially when he comes home from the gym because I worry I'll wake up one day and he'll have died in his sleep!

TL;DR: boyfriend has a concussion but is still exercising against medical orders. How do I get through to him??