This seems to be a real issue among some of my female friends, and I don't know how to handle it. This is probably going to be a relatively long post, and I apologize for that.

I grew up with five brothers, and have always gotten along better with those of the male gender. I don't know if that holds any weight with why/how I handle my friendships the way I do, but at least you have some background on me.

I've been having "tiffs" with my best friend lately. We'll call her Tina. Tina and I have been borderline inseparable for the past year and a half or so (since we went to Basic Training and AIT together; we also are now stationed on the same post). 

To give you all an idea of what exactly it is I'm talking about, here are some examples:

In Basic Training, Tina and Kayla* (our mutual best friend who is unfortunately not stationed where Tina and I are) got into an argument with two other females in our platoon over something that was ENTIRELY between the four of them. However, after the argument, Kayla and Tina were upset with me that I didn't "stand up for them." I just stood there flabbergasted until I finally (in a matter of words) said, "The fight was between you two and ___insert other girls' names here__. I don't have a problem with them, and I don't need one. I'm sorry, but you two are grown adults. There was no need for me to 'stand up for you.'" This pissed them off for the rest of the day, but then we just pretended the whole thing never happened.

In AIT, Tina was "talking to" (??? I dunno. Is that a phrase people use still? Damn, I'm getting old) a guy in our platoon that I had been cool with since Basic. I'll spare you the details, but essentially, she got mad at him for something he said to purposely upset her/embarrass her, but without context or knowing the background story, NOBODY would have known what he was talking about anyway. She told Kayla and me that she was upset with what he said, that he's an ass, blah blah blah. 

The next day in the school house, I confronted him about the situation, then once he had said his piece, moved on to just talking to him like I would with any other friend. Tina and Kayla both were upset with me again. Kayla even specifically said to me, "Well, he hurt Tina and she's mad at him, so you should be mad at him too." This time, I got a little more defensive than I had in Basic and told her, "Kayla, that's retarded, and the most childish thing I've heard since high school." Whatever. We all moved past it with an understanding that I should be "more defensive of my friends in the future."

Now, for my most  recent "dilemma," if you can even call it that. Tina had been dating Jack, a friend I had made here on post prior to them dating. They broke up about 2 months ago, and I recently had a party where I invited both of them. Tina said she wasn't going to go since I had invited Jack, but the night of the party she showed up anyway, then left early because Jack was wasted and "bragging" about his most recent female companions. (I wasn't there to witness that actually happening, but Jack is not a malicious nor vindictive human being. I'm sure he wasn't "bragging" right in front of her to purposely make her jealous.) Tina is still somewhat upset with me for inviting him in the first place.

I've explained all these scenarios to my husband and have brought up the issues I've been having in my relationship with my best friend. I would hope my husband's response to my issues was to reassure me that I'm not a horrible friend, but simply a woman that handles things in more "male" terms, but sometimes I'm not so sure. This is how I've always been, but maybe I am doing something wrong. 

TwoX, what is your opinion on this? Is there something I need to change about myself to get along better with/not upset my best friend as well as other female friends?? Thanks in advance, and sorry that this post is ridiculously long.