Hi all. So I have this friend who's part of a group of girls who are their own "crew" from elementary/highschool, who came to the same college. I came from overseas and kinda slotted into their group. We're moving onto working life now and I don't know about the rest of them but I'm drifting apart and branching out. It's all good, I still love them, but it's just time, and life goes that way sometimes. I also don't click super well with them and need to meet more people with common interests.

This one girl in particular is really flaky. It's to an inexcusable degree. I searched "dealing with flaky friend" etc on here and nothing was quite on point because this friend is way extreme. She is known to be up to 2-3 hours late for stuff. She has gone from being late, to cancelling last min, to not showing up with no warning, to cancelling on plans that SHE made where everyone had to work around her availability.. She once just didn't show because she "just decided to go watch this movie instead". She also often only reaches out because her boyfriend is going out of town, and then doesn't show and it turns out it's cuz he decided to stay (she's really co-dependent on him). I should have called her out when these things happened (none of the ladies in my equivalent "school crew" back home would EVER pull this shit) but I just get so stunned and go "oh ok... maybe next time then".

I should also add she has no issues such as depression that I'm aware of, or any kind of social anxiety, or hugely time-consuming commitments or illnesses or anything that are all good reasons for being late sometimes. She is just really unreliable. (except for being really needy in her relationship as I mentioned. Maybe that has something to do with it?! any insights??)

I regret this and take full responsibility for not calling her out on her shit. Because of this "slow fade" I see coming up due to transitioning to the next chapter of my life, I probably won't see her much any more (all good, no hard feelings - just time to meet new peeps). But I'm wondering if I should sit her down and talk to her about her behaviour before "letting her go". The group of girlfriends I mentioned before -  they've all known each other since they were like 6, they are objectively speaking less mature than myself I think and on top of that they regress a little around each other cuz they've known each other since they were kids. And they are totally complacent and never call each other out on stuff. They can't be bothered talking to that girl about her flakiness because they know she's aware she's like that and they've spent so long joking about it/making fun of her for it that it wouldn't be taken seriously. And - I know this isn't my place to judge or assume - but I honestly don't think they care about each other as much as they think they do. They care in the sense that if one of them had a crisis they would all be there in a heartbeat, but they don't care enough to sit down and have tough conversations with each other to help each other grow. I want to have these conversations with them but they've known each other so much longer I almost feel it "isn't my place" and that they would get defensive of each other - kinda like when an outsider criticises family. Like "Hey my sister's an asshole but she's MY asshole sister and ain't no outsider gets to say that!"

TL;DR Unreliable friend impossible to make plans with. I already plan to slowly fade her out of my life - no hard feelings, it's just the turn the friendship is taking. Should I also have a heart to heart about her behaviour?