Hi TwoX. I am a longtime reader/participator over here, but need to use a throwaway because my gentleman has reddit.  Also, this turned into a bit of a rant, so thank you in advance for reading.

I (24f) have been with my current SO for over a year.  He is wonderful in a lot of ways...he is kind, smart, funny, and incredibly sweet and selfless.  He makes me feel very loved; he always wants to cuddle with me and tell me how great I am, tells me he misses me after days apart, and tells me how good I am for him all of the time.  

I am overall very happy with him, except that he has a kind of "meh" attitude about socializing.  He doesn't hang out with people in real life besides me (or when I bring him to things with my friends), doesn't have many interests (aside from me and video games) and seems completely fine with both of those things.  When we do go out, he is usually very quiet and doesn't seem to be enjoying himself, even though he will later tell me he had fun.  There are times when I am with him that I find myself thinking that he's boring/being bored by him, and that bums me out.

I am usually completely happy to go out and do my own thing and then go hang out with him for sex and cuddles and video games, but I am feeling anxious about this going forward. It should be noted that I am kind of a homebody as well, and so I was initially totally psyched to find someone that didn't pressure me to go out. However the longer we've been dating, I find myself wishing that he wanted to do these things, and not that he was just okay with them if I bring them up. I hate the idea of forcing someone I love to spend their time a certain way, and kind of want to be able to be completely fine with the fact that this is how he is, but it obviously makes gatherings a source of worry for me. I also kind of wish he was more spontaneous and up for a good time, and more able to be as fun as he is when we're alone in his apartment when we venture outside, but feel like that may just be how he is and it's unfair to want him to be someone different.

I am a bundle of nerves right now due to school ending and the impending job search, and I know that this inquiry is partially motivated by that.  I'm just not sure what to do, and if this is potentially a big issue for us going forward.  I feel so silly for finding the one thing I don't love about this sweet, sensitive, kind man and letting it become a big issue in my head.  I honestly have moments where I think I want to break up with him because this is a big area of incompatibility, but I don't want to lose someone so wonderful just because he isn't "fun enough" for me when I need him to be.  

TwoXers, how can I learn to let this go? Or, how can I bring this up with him in a constructive way?  Any questions, comments, or advice is appreciated!!!