I wasn’t really sure where to post this. I’m open to suggestions if there is somewhere better! This might feel like venting, because that’s what it is. 
My (20F) boyfriend (27M) has OCD. His compulsions have caused some problems, but we've (for the most part) been able to work through them. 

Near the start of the relationship, I had to make my feelings known about some of his behaviors. 
He shaves off all of his body hair. I have a head of curly, thick hair and often shed. He is constantly picking hairs off of me and him. He is always making comments about my "mane" “hairy monster” or "woman fur", but it's usually said with a smile, so it never bothered me. The first time we were intimate, he was appalled by my body hair and asked me to remove it. (it was a spur of the moment thing and I was kickin it oldschool...) Again, not a big deal. That's probably very common in relationships. If he sees a stray eyebrow hair on me, he will pluck it. Same with arm hairs or skin on my face. I feel like he's always picking at something on me. He tries to squeeze blackheads if he sees them. I have very dry skin and it's something I've always been sensitive about. Him pointing it out always makes me self conscious. 

He begs me to let him vacuum my apartment (I live with 5 other girls and things get hairy fast) but the one time I let him, he spent the entire time complaining about the hair, and sent me pictures of the hair in his vacuum. It made my roommates uncomfortable and they asked that I not let him do that again. 

He asked if he could brush my hair every day to get the stray hairs out of his room. I said no. 

He doesn’t allow sex in his bed. We have to do it on the floor. Which I’m sure is also very clean. Sometimes he puts a paper towel down.  We were planning a weekend where I’d spend the night (he has roommates too, but they’re very chill) but ultimately he decided it wouldn’t work because I couldn’t shower in his apt, and I couldn’t spend the night and not shower. 

Despite being a generally unhealthy eater, he is very self conscious about his weight and appearance. He is 6'2 and weighs about 135 lbs. I am 5'8 and weigh the same. He constantly makes comments about the weights of my roommates or girls we see. Girls who are my size, sometimes smaller. I asked him if he wanted me to lose weight and he said it didn't matter to him, he would be attracted either way. He constantly touches and plays with my butt. He says he loves it because it's "big and squishy." No girl EVER wants to hear that about her butt.  I hate it. I feel like a fetish sometimes. 

This makes me sound fat, sloppy, messy and hideous. I am not any of those things. I just feel that way when I’m with him. 

His words are good, but his treatment of women in general is horrifying. He slut shames all of his exs, his roommate's girlfriends, and women he knows nothing about. We had a fight and i asked that he not use words like "slut" or "skank" to describe anyone. He apologized and agreed, but he still slips up quite often. His homophobia is a whole other issue that probably will not be resolved. Very early into the relationship I told him how much it hurt me. He apologized and went right back to throwing around “fag” and “dyke”. When I protest, he calls me a “PC hipster” and things like that. 

Last night we got in a fight because i told him that i didn't feel wanted sexually, and that's very important to me. I told him i felt like I was always initiated, and that I wanted him to see me as more than just my butt. He said very little about this except "It's hard when the woman you love feels like you see her as a piece of ass." 

Today he refused to see me because he hadn’t showered yet. I told him I didn’t care and he said that It was important to him and I needed to respect that. I can do that, it just hurts.

There are so many wonderful qualities. He’s so giving, so helpful. So snuggly. He’s casually mentioned marriage a few times and I think he’s serious. 

I’m not 100% on what I’m really asking here. I thought about posting on r/OCD so I could get some input on how he thinks, but his OCD is a part of him and he says he likes the way he is, so I just don’t know. 

Tl;DR My boyfriend has OCD and it makes me feel like trash. How do I fix this? 
