[MAJOR TRIGGERS, please read with caution] 

I have been dealing with the trauma of this event for the past two years. I filed a police report and nothing happened. I have decided to speak out about this because I am still suffering, and have had no closure. I still have triggers, I still have problems with sex. This is my story. This is my closure. Hopefully I have posted in the right place...

This guy sat down and was talking to my friend and me at a party. Eventually we left for the club. Originally, a bunch of people were going to go, but that didn’t happen. Several minors came to the party and they divided the group, so it was just me, the guy, and my friend going to the club. I didn’t suspect anything at the time, because I was under the impression that my friend and he were good friends. We arrived, and went over to a couch while he went to get us drinks. We were talking for a bit and I drank my drink, and then went to the dance floor. He was dancing up on me a lot. I don't know how long we were dancing for... I realized that I had been falling over almost, and that he was holding me up. I couldn't even walk without his support for a while. It felt like it had been a long time. Some more time passed and we went down the stairs to go back to the car...I barely remember getting in the car. Time went quick. We went back to the guys’ apartment again for a while. I remember looking in the mirror in their bathroom...walking to a bedroom. I fell asleep or passed out on the bed for a little while. I feel like I must have been drugged because I have NEVER been that inebriated and disabled from alcohol. I was slurring something and woke up with him there at my side. My friend came in and said we were going. He followed..I wondered why, but assumed he was just catching a ride to his home. He said something about needing to be in another town that morning for work and that it would be more convenient to catch a ride at night than to leave and get there from the party location the next morning. My logic and thinking was incredibly cloudy. The ride back to my friend’s apartment was a complete blur. I remember him kissing me at certain points. My friend was assuming this was all normal. Somehow we were then in the apartment parking lot and he was still there. This confused me and I felt upset and wierded out from it. Unfortunately, I had trusted all along that since he was a friend of a friend, there was no threat. Then we were in the apartment living room and he was going to sleep on the couch in the living room. I planned to sleep with my friend in her bedroom. I vaguely thought I'd say goodnight before heading to sleep with my friend. He kissed me, and I told him we were not going to have sex. I still felt really out of it, and just wanted to make it a quick goodnight and then go to my friend’s room. The whole time I was questioning why he was staying at our apartment in the first place. The next thing I know, he was down there, pulling off my pants, then going down on me and thrusting his fingers in me, asking me if I liked it.  I was completely out of it. Then my pants were off completely and he had taken his penis out and put my hand on it. I don’t know if I put my mouth on him or not. I remember him being on the couch at one point, and me being kneeled there beside him. I would suddenly and realize his penis was about to go inside me. I'd grab him and push him away. He would grab the base of his dick and pull his penis away from my hand, then move his penis down again pushing my hands away, as he was trying to penetrate. I said, “No, I don’t want to. I don’t want to have sex,” but I was so out of it, and struggling to do anything. Suddenly, I had felt the head of his penis touch the opening of my vagina, starting to penetrate. I grabbed his penis quickly, keeping his penis from penetrating or touching me again. I would realize I was successfully escaping from everything, pulling my pants back on and putting my socks on even. Quicker still, he would pull them all off again and I would be putting his mouth on me or his hands inside me. He asked me to call him Papi. I felt so disgusted but I couldn’t even move. After so many times of him trying, he finally started to give up, complaining about how I had lead him on, and I how I was a tease. I had been fighting him off the whole time while barely conscious! He was very persistent. I remember falling asleep just barely on the couch, thinking it might be over. He would pull my arm, pull me off the couch all together, or pull at my legs, begging me to sleep or snuggle with him. I kept fighting him off. I realized I’d been trying to fight him off for a few hours. Finally he slept and the snoring kept me up. In the morning I had a sinking feeling. My friend slept in, and he kept sleeping too. When he woke up, I wanted him to leave but he kept making stupid excuses for why he couldn’t leave yet. My friend finally woke up, and we got him to leave. 

EDIT: It was difficult to put this out there in the first place, so if I don't respond to a message, please don't take offense! I just don't know if I will want to communicate any more than this after getting it off my chest. Thank you for reading. :) 

EDIT: I just wanted to genuinely thank all of you for the thoughtful and compassionate responses. This has been very cathartic for me, as there was no resolve in the police report. Thank you again! :)