Last night around 8:30pm I went to my apartment complex's shared hot tub. There was 1 person already there, a middle aged man. He was sitting in kind of an awkward position. Usually people in hot tubs sit with their back against the tub, arms out. But this guy was rotated about 90 degrees -- his side was against the side of the tub, and he was kind of hunched a little bit over the side of the tub.

I thought maybe he was looking at his phone or something on the ground outside the tub, but when I took a closer look he wasn't, he just seemed to be concentrating very hard on the ground.

Also, I usually say hi and give a wave/nod to others as I get in the tub, but this guy didn't look up or acknowledge me in any way.

I kind of ignored it and got in the tub, but after about 5 minutes, I looked over, and he had rotated his body so he was facing the side of the tub, exactly where a jet is. He wasn't pressed up against the side, he was very awkwardly positioned about an arm's length away from the side.

It really started to look like he was masturbating, so I stared at him for a few seconds. His arms were submerged under the water, and the jets were on, so I couldn't really tell if the movement of the water was from the jets or from his arms.

I kept staring at him, and he never made eye contact at me. I was so creeped out I just got up and left.

1. Do you think he was masturbating? Or does he just have an odd way of enjoying the hot tub that doesn't involve being in a relaxed position?

2. What is the best way to handle this if it happens again? I was really close to saying something, but I honestly couldn't tell if he was masturbating or being inappropriate. If he wasn't, I would have felt like the world's hugest asshole. And I couldn't think of a polite way to say, "Pardon me, but are you masturbating in the hot tub?"

Help!!!!



---   
**tl;dr**: Neighbor in hot tub appeared to be masturbating but I couldn't be sure and don't know how to handle this if it or something like it happens again.