My best friend and I are graduating from high school in a few days.  We've been close for 6 years, and she's one of the most important people in my life. We're the kind of best friends that are brutally honest with each other. To give an example, her two primary nicknames for me are mi amor and loser.  If I'm wearing something ugly, she's going to tell me.  If I think she's being too narcissistic, I'm going to tell her.  Of course, we support each other on serious issues, but we also help each other sort out what is serious and what is an overreaction.  With that background in mind, here's the situation.

My friend dated a boy for three or four months when she was in 10th grade.  He was her first and so far only boyfriend.  I thought it was a pretty good relationship at the time.  They cuddled and kissed and he gave her a stuffed bear for Valentine's Day.  He broke up with her rather suddenly without ever really explaining why.  He said something about she spent too much time on her phone (which is true, but he was also kind of needy).  However, he also apparently pursued one of our other friends a few months later and claimed to have liked her throughout his relationship with my best friend.  Another friend says the boyfriend was spreading rumors that he fingered my friend in an elevator (not true).  My friend says that he would often talk about other girls who liked him and ex-girlfriends while they were dating (she never told me this at the time).  Because of all this and more, my friend wants absolutely nothing to do with her ex.  Won't even say hi to him in the halls of our very small school.  I understood this at first, but think she needs to move beyond it now.  She's upset that I invited him to our joint grad party (an invite sent via Facebook that also went out to about 130 other people) and I decided to give twox a shot at changing my mind.  So what do you all think? Is she overreacting? Am I being insensitive?  Should I uninvite her ex?  Any thoughts would be appreciated.