Hey reddit!

I wrote this poem a while back and was curious how it would be received by others. I'm no actual poet by any means, but when inspired, I do occasionally love to write poetry and other forms of creative writing.

This poem is dedicated to my current boyfriend, and it describes the process of falling in love again after having been in love before, somewhat soon after ending another serious relationship with the man I used to think I loved. 

Because I am a dancer and have a serious passion for movement and music, I compare the two relationships to songs and note their similarities. This was inspired by the fact that at many points in my current relationship, I couldn't help but be intrigued by some of the things that both men did.

This poem was inspired by a single moment when I experienced a relationship "deja vu". I was sitting at a restaurant with my current boyfriend, realizing that exactly a year ago, for the exact same event (after my ballet show), I was there with my ex, and I experienced a sudden revelation of how lucky I was to have moved on from the pain of that relationship and promptly into another with a man I never could have even imagined existed. I realized what a better place I am in my life and how happy I was to learn that there was a rainbow at the end of that storm in my life.

I noticed striking similarities between my ex and my current boyfriend, but also discuss the important differences that explain why my current relationship has been so incredibly wonderful. As I describe in the poem, it's just like the moment when you hear a song you LOVE for the first time, and cannot stop listening to it. Suddenly, any other song you hear pales by comparison, and your whole world is changed from the beauty of this song. 

Enjoy!









And here we go again...

The sweetest deja vu you'll ever taste

Broken record? Almost, but not a note goes to waste

The most beautiful sound I forgot could be true;

The melody begins again, don't I know this tune?




You see, I've heard this song a few times before...



Danced in its glory, even begging for more

But little did I know as a queen (yet to) bee

That old song wasn't quite right, no, just wasn't the one for me



And now I'm sitting here with that devilish smile, for a reason you might never know


How I once sat here rocking to a different beat, right here, just a year ago


And the sweet sound beings again, different notes, but a similar beat

Without thinking, I let my body dictate the course of movement it craves to meet


You said you didn't like to dance, but with a dose of my venom, here you are

Dancing with me like there's no tomorrow

I never dreamt we could make it this far


Many of the old notes repeat, but now, it just feels so right

I may not be a synesthesiac, but your words taste unbearably bright


And every time the song progresses, 

The beat carries on, the notes repeat

But this song is different, 

since I have yet to grow tired of the sounds you bring to my feet


Most songs run their course, they have their hey day, 'til the DJ finds something new...

But your song to me is immortal, 

forever spontaneous, 

out of the blue.