A couple days ago, I had a nightmare about my ex-boyfriend trying to rape me. It was terrifying and in the dream, I was screaming for him to get out of my room and leave me alone. This made me reflect on our relationship and realize how unhealthy it was, and how towards the end, something that happened could or could not be classified as rape.

Even the first night that we were officially boyfriend and girlfriend, he tried to initiate sex with me and when he was trying to make out with me, I kept pushing him off but he still kept trying to kiss me. He eventually started taking my pants off and going down on me but it was so awful and uncomfortable that I told him to stop. He did and I started crying, he said he was sorry.

I used to wake up to him feeling my breasts while I was asleep and feel really violated by the fact that he was touching me without my consent, because I was sleeping. But I never said anything. He also used to jack off in bed while watching porn on his phone while I was sleeping. Technically not a violation of my body, but just something that made me uncomfortable.

He was always groping my breasts and butt in public when nobody was looking. I told him to stop, but he never took it seriously. I honestly didn't know what to do or say because I felt like if I complained about it, people would probably just say, "Well, you're his girlfriend..." but I still felt violated.

We broke up because he yelled and screamed at me for the fact that we hadn't had sex after being boyfriend and girlfriend for two months. The way that he was acting me was really scary, the way he was yelling at me. He also started yelling at me and saying that we wouldn't have this problem if I wasn't so awful at blowjobs. I dumped him after that. He begged me for me to take him back, said he would change. I believed him and took him back. 

 We started having sex after we got back together. One day, he was on top of me and doing it from behind. I was bored and not into it so after maybe about 15 minutes, I tell him to stop and that I don't want to do it anymore.

He stops and gets off of me. He starts jacking off and I try to help him by jerking him off, as well. Then after about five minutes, he said, "Turn around." I didn't know why he wanted me to turn around but I did it. and he started penetrating me for a couple of minutes before he came inside me. I froze because I didn't even know what to do or say. 

I said, "I told you I didn't want to do it..." and he said, "Whoa...I'm sorry..." I just ran out of the room and went to sleep because I wanted to pretend like it didn't happen. 

I'm really inclined to say that I wasn't raped because one, I literally hadn't even remembered that this happened and also, I technically had consented at first. But this whole experience just doesn't sit right with me. Truthfully, it felt as if our whole relationship, I was just a sex object to him. 

I don't know what to do. Maybe I was raped and just have blocked it out of my head because I didn't want to think about it. Maybe I'm exaggerating the situation. I talked to my best friend about it, she's the only person who knows. She gave me what I think is pretty good advice which is that I have to decide for myself what I think happened and then proceed on how to deal with it. 

I guess that's true. I just feel really awful and confused.




