Hey there TwoX. I need some advice. I'm tired of talking about this in person to anyone - strangers on the internet seems so much more appealing to me as I am worn the fuck out from social interaction. 

I was raped in October. I went to a friend's house, and he had sex with me against my will, knowing that I didn't want to. This really fucked me up. I'd only been with my boyfriend before that - I'd given him my virginity when I started to rebel against my conservative upbringing and we just happened to stay together. Suddenly, I wanted to have sex with a million people. I wanted to have a choice. I wanted to be free from God, from my boyfriend, from anyone telling me "No you can't have sex" and I wanted a choice because I had had my choice taken from me that night. 

So I asked my boyfriend for a threesome, for a girlfriend. He said no. I showed up at the peak of my mental ill health with sliced up wrists and said it was eating me alive. He said something ambiguous. I took it as permission. I had sex with someone else. 

Later, I realized he had not given me permission. Well fuck. This tore me up, too. 

He ended up finding out. He said I was lucky that he didn't leave me. That I was naive for going over to my friend's in October, and if I hadn' t been there, I would never have been raped. That it wasn't my fault, but at the same time, it was. That I could have prevented it. That it was hard to support me, because he had a hard time looking at me the same. Etc. Etc. Also, I had had sex with him a week after the incident - it was his birthday, I felt like I should, - and afterwards, he said I was cold and emotionless. He said sorry later, but that still bothers me. 

I feel pretty unhappy. There is truth to his statement. DUH. Of course had I not been present, I wouldn't have been raped. But..... But..... I don't know. I feel like these ideas are.... Bad. I don't want to break up with him, but I don't know if these are healthy ideas. If they are good. 

They hurt me. 

But.... they say truth hurts, no?