I guess the title doesn't really do my problem justice. I've been with my boyfriend, G, for almost 6 months. He's really incredible, he motivates me to be better and loves me with all my imperfections; he's handsome, funny, charming, super smart, everything I want in a long term partner and then some more! My issue with G is that we constantly bicker about my inherent lack of "lady - like qualities" and that I have few, if any, female friends.

To put it in perspective, I would LOVE to have a group of girls to hang out with, I've always longed for girl friends but it never happened. I work in a male dominated field (think 8 women to 115 men), my interests are sports and working out, I grew up with all brothers and played on the roller hockey team where I met my best friends growing up, all guys. My roommate is a guy. Every time I've tried to integrate myself into a group of girls I either try too hard and weird them out, or don't try hard enough and they don't include me. 

G is understandably uncomfortable with my ppredicament, so to make him feel more comfortable I've alienated myself from my life long male friends, become super b itchy to my male coworkers so they don't talk to or come near me, and blown off all men who come near me in general. Now I feel very... lonely. It's hard to be feminine and feel confident as a woman when all I know about being a girly girl comes from magazines and the Internet.  G likes to point out when I sit without my legs crossed or start discussing the NFL Draft, and it really wreaks havoc on my identity and confidence.

G also gets jealous when I talk to men. Today at the gym, for example,  there was a problem with android phones connecting to the WiFi,  so I helped a few (admittedly, all male patrons) fix the issue on their phones. I didn't even make the connection that they may have been approaching me with the intent to flirt with me until G pointed it out. I was just trying to help! I'm not the type of person to see someone with a problem and walk away! 

G is now frustrated with me for "playing naive", and I'm frustrated with myself for not removing myself from the aforementioned situation.  I want to be smart and friendly and feminine and girly, but I want to attract female friends, not male attention!  How can I get G, the most important person in my life, to understand that I'm seriously not trying to get male attention and that I am trying to make girl friends? 

I want my boyfriend to know he's the only man for me, and I want him to be secure in that.  However, I don't want to keep feeling like a social outcast. Any advice? Anything would help! Thank you, two X! 