A man at my office has been sexually harassing people.  I don't know exactly what he's been doing to other people, but in my case he has given me an uninvited and unwanted kiss and spanked me with a stick(!).  He has said to me that he is just joking, and he thinks his behavior is rather minor, and he doesn't understand why it is a problem. The people who have to deal with this are taking it seriously, but they don't seem to be able to explain to him why this behaviour is wrong.  Their approach seems to be "we don't do that sort of thing anymore, because some people find it offensive."  They know that I find it offensive, and they accept that, but they don't really understand why.

This is a problem because they are not able to explain what is wrong with the behavior to the perpetrator, meaning that he does not really understand why he has to stop doing it.  Unless they can really understand what is wrong with sexual harassment themselves, I don't think they will ever be able to deal with it effectively.

I'd really like to be able to explain to them why it is so offensive, particularly in a professional environment.  I want them to understand that it is intensely embarrassing, and that it feels as if your professionalism has been instantly and completely undermined.  I think this is something that is quite hard for men to understand.  Does anyone have any resources which really explain WHY sexual harassment is offensive?  Or the ability to express more fully than I have?

EDIT: thanks for the advice y'all.  Unfortunately I still don't feel capable of explaining this to them.  I was sort of hoping someone would point me towards some pithy essay that would lay it all out really clearly.  I guess it's not my job to make people understand how it feels, just so long as they do the right thing.

UPDATE:  So the man that was doing this has now been suspended, which is a good result.  I agree with various people who have posted that this behavior is so ridiculous that it appears unrealistic; nevertheless, it happened.  It was altogether a surreal experience.  Maybe its helpful to point out that things like this do still happen, and that when they do, its hard to know how to react, and people are unlikely to believe that it actually could have happened.