I've heard of this happening, but it's one of those things that you never believe is true because you just don't want it to be. I'm at a loss, and I'm sorry if there's a better way to find this information within this very community. But I'm sure there have to be resources somewhere? I just can't find anything, and I'll take any help that I can get.

A friend of mine was raped by a stranger (parking lot attendant) a few weeks ago, and I've been helping her get through it the best I could. She's done everything "right" since then (calling a rape hotline for support, going to PP for plan B, STD testing, even going to the ER for a rape kit), but it took her exactly seven days from the event to report it. By that time, she got tons of criticism from the male officer who filed her report. He asked her questions that, in my opinion, should have had nothing to do with his decision to rule that "no foul play was identified" in the final report. He asked if she was sexually active otherwise, when the last time she had engaged in intercourse was before the rape (more than 6 days prior), insinuated that the semen might be from the sex with her partner and not from the "alleged rape" that she might be making up since she was drunk at the time, asked how she knows she hadn't consented if she had been drunk, asked why she didn't scream or push him off of her (she did try to push him off, but she dreams every night about it and wakes up crying at the point where she doesn't scream). The officer also criticized her for waiting so long to file the report...etc.

So basically, this officer, who signed up to protect people by being a police officer, just made my friend feel "like a slut" (her words, not his.) and feel more guilty about what happened to her. Shouldn't a police officer understand that dealing with trauma victims is part of their job? Shouldn't that knowledge alone make you at least slightly understanding of the fact that some things take time? That you should be a little bit more gentle with victims and not treat them as suspects? Am I just crazy?

I just feel so defeated, and I know it is only a fraction of how defeated she feels. The injustice of it infuriates me so much that I don't even know what I'm asking for. I just want to help her. I want her to know that the world doesn't think she asked to get raped, even though that officer made her feel like she did. And, if possible, I want to know if there is any legal action that we can take in order to file a new police report, although I'm sure that's not actually possible once the original is filed, or maybe take action against that officer? 

Thank you so much in advance just for reading this. It felt good to at least get this all off of my own chest, at the very least.