Sorry in advance for the essay.  I have an appointment with my surgeon late May, and I want to go armed with as much knowledge as I can so that I don’t get bullied into another round of (expensive) surgery.

So any insight / opinions / suggestions would be much appreciated, ladies!!

---

I had an MRI performed last week on my hamstring to diagnose an injury.  In reviewing the films with my sports physician last night, she pointed out that the scan had also captured my right ovary, which had a huge (too many to count) number of cysts on it.

I'm 30f, 5'3", and weight has fluctuated ~54-58kg since age 18 (within healthy BMI).  Healthy diet, healthy lifestyle etc etc etc.

Since I was 18, I've had roughly 5 or 6 internal ultrasounds looking at my girly bits.  Every single ultrasound has showed multiple cysts on each ovary (always 12+, sometimes 20+ per ovary).  The ultrasound technician has always expressed alarm at that, particularly as from 18-24 (when I had one of the scans) I was on the pill so shouldn’t have been ovulating, but none of the GPs or gynaegolocists I've seen have ever given a damn.



PERIOD PAIN
---
I have had incredibly painful periods since I was 12.  I was on OCP from ages 18-24 and that helped somewhat.  

I know that the heavier (fatter) I am, the worse my period pain is.

In August 2012 I had an episode of THE WORST PAIN I had ever experienced - literally rolling on the floor crying, unable to function.  Ambulance came, doped me up on morphine, okay!  I was referred to an gyno who specialises in endometriosis, who literally spent about 5 minutes talking with me, and then two weeks later had me on the operating table for a laproscopy where he diagnosed and removed the endo that he found.

Unfortunately since then, my period pain has been consistently getting WORSE.  I've had another morphine-needing episode, and monthly I'm on prescription painkillers.


ACNE
---
From ages 18-27 I developed horrific acne on my back and upper arms.  Doctors told me it was quite mild and nothing to worry about, and during that time I tried about 4 different versions of the OCP.  It got to the point where I was embarrassed to wear tshirts and dresses, so I finally put my foot down and demanded a referral to a dermatologist.  He revised the diagnosis from "mild" to "severe acne” and put me on a 6-month course of Roaccutane, which was equally horrific but ultimately worked a dream.



--- 

So, to reiterate, I have a follow-up appointment with the gynaecological surgeon at the end of this month.  I am certain that he will try to convince me of one of two things:  another round of surgery to “remove more endo”, and/or insert the Mirena IUD.

The surgery did nothing the first time round even though he guaranteed me that he removed everything he saw.

I’m against having a foreign object inserted into my body, hormonal meds screw with my head and body at the best of times, AND mostly I’m concerned that Mirena would just be masking whatever is REALLY going on.

Is it worth pushing him to investigate the polycystic ovaries thing more?  I just don’t understand why no doctor seems to give a damn about my ovaries. 




