Creepy men everywhere are really bad but for some reason either there are more of them in NYC or they're just so much worse.

Today, I went into a restaurant in Manhattan in NYC.  The servers put me at a table next to a window with the seat facing the restaurant. The seats were facing the restaurant and the window, not sideways next to the window.  A few minutes after I sat down, I noticed a relatively large, domineering looking man wearing a white shirt that looked like a chef's jacket sitting in the corner diagnoally opposite from the corner I was in. While his seat was facing the opposite way from my seat, the seat was not directly turned toward me.

But *he* was turned directly towards me and looking at me. I looked at him and he kept looking at me. This went on for about *20 minutes.*  I wasn't looking at him the whole time and after a few minutes I was thinking, you've gotta be kidding me. Someone can't actully do that.  

But, you know, this is planet Earth, and someone, yes, can do that.

Finally after about 20 minutes, I turned to two women sitting at the table next to me and discreetly, without looking at the man, asked them if the man was looking in my direction. They looked at him and said yes.

About two minutes later, he was gone.

Later I asked the server who it was and the server told me that was the owner.

I mean, c'mon. It's not like I've never gotten stared at. But 20 minutes?

Ok. Yes, one of the women said he was just looking in that general direction and looking around.  The server said he likes to watch the restaurant to see how the waiters are and if the customers are happy.

But ok, if you're going to watch the restaurant, make it discreet.

You shouldn't make it a perfect excuse to stare at a woman who is eating by herself, who also happens to be the only Asian woman there.

You're all welcome to go ahead and think he wasn't actually staring at me for 20 minutes. Maybe he wasn't.

At the very least, if you watch your restaurant, be discreet about it!  No female customers like to get stared at for 20 minutes by a creepy looking man no matter what your real intentions are.

When I asked the server about it, he was really apologetic and understanding. I wasn't obnoxious about it, but merely pointed out what had happened.

The two women I asked were sympathetic and suggested I move seats, "but then he'll know you're on to him."

Anyone want to doubt that this type of stuff can happen?  Go to NYC!

EDIT: This is not the worst thing that happened to me from creepy men in NYC. Nor is it close to the worst that's happened to any women.

I would just expect that with something as routine as eating your daily lunch at a decent restaurant where most of the patrons are hipsters and yuppies, you should be safe. At least safe from staff. But so many of these managers and owners of restaurants seem to do it because they want control of a place, not to make customers happy. Has anyone else noticed that?

EDIT 2: Took out the identifying information about the restaurant.