hooked up with this guy from tinder and it was so disappointing because 1) the sex was bad and he was so inconsiderate 2) he was sleazy and an asshole. he was the first and definitely the last tinder hook up, i deleted the app like four days ago

i feel really terrible about it, and i realized lately that maybe i'm really lonely deep down, even though i have great friends and go to a great college. there's this void that i didn't realize i had, and i don't know why i have it or what can fill that void. but i feel like a slut, which is awful and fucked up that i think that bc i slept with an asshole that i just met and i don't think i should think of myself as a slut just for wanting to be sexually liberated but after this instance i do. i really regret it and i feel like this is a low point for me but i don't know what to do with this overwhelming feeling of loneliness. i don't even want a serious committed relationship, so i have no idea where this is coming from.

in addition, every time i hook up with a guy, i always think about and wish it was this particular guy i hooked up twice with, even though 1) the age difference is really big//he lives in a different city and 2) he's probably not even interested in me anymore or doesn't even value me as anything more than some girl who's 8 years younger and hooked up with twice

i don't know, i guess i'm just posting in hopes that someone relates or feels the way i do 

EDIT: the point that there wasn't enough information to warrant me thinking he was an asshole was brought up, so somewhere in the comments I have more detail. I had the intuition that there was something not quite exactly nice about him, but if you disagree that's fine too. Also, thank you for taking the time to read as well!

edit2: okay well the thread was hidden but here is more information for those who want it to make a more accurate judgement --

If you want other information, I guess I should've listened to my intuition when he texted me (as we were planning to hang out): "This better be worth it". I replied, "And what if it's not?" and he said, "Then I'd waste a ton of gas". I was like, "well if you think you'd waste a ton of gas/want more than to hook up and smoke weed then maybe you should play it safe and not come". He ended up coming, obviously but when we were fooling around, he asked for head which I did, because I do like it/the response it gets but he started pushing my head faster even though I was gagging and it was clearly uncomfortable for me. He came after like 45 seconds and went to put another condom on because I guess he was embarrassed for finishing early but then he said, "I can't get hard with a condom on" and implied sex without condoms. At that point I was like noooooooo way. But I don't know, those things to me make me think someone is kind of an ass but if you don't think so, that's okay too. I just didn't particularly enjoy it
I say he's sleazy, because even in conversation and etc I realized afterwards he, and his personality, was just like the type of guy that I would avoid in general--sleazy and looking for cheap fucks. I'm not saying I'm above that, clearly I was just looking to hook up too, but I guess I expected better behavior/more intelligence from guys in general. Which is my fault too.
But you're right, I think because of my previous mostly positive experiences with hook ups (all of them were with older guys who were more my type) I expected this to be a positive experience and the lousy sex was definitely something I didn't think would happen. At the same time, I don't think lousy sex is the end of the world. I realized something bigger was happening here, the fact that I did this signaled to me that I was at a pretty low point in how I was feeling, so no I'm not whining about some lousy sex.