Hi ladies, I need your help. And please, unlike the people who love me, be honest with me and don't sugar coat anything! My main question is, am I a horrible person for feeling like this? Just incase someone close to me knows what my reddit account is, I'm going to use a throwaway.
  
So let me explain my situation. A while ago I dated this sweet, loving guy that I met in college. We dated for the next 3 years and I can honestly say it was my most intimate relationship. I ended the relationship shortly before we graduated because, although I deeply loved him, I didn't see a future for us. I just felt like he wasn't motivated. For a long time he wasn't working, skipping class, I was paying the bills, looked after him, helped him with everything he needed. It's not that I thought he was lazy, just that he wasn't motivated. When I asked him what his goals were, he didn't have any. I just felt that, although he had a wonderful, caring heart...that I just didn't have it in me to spend my life with someone who was doing nothing with his life.  
  
We had an amicable breakup, although he didn't take it lightly at first we agreed to be friends. After college we both went our separate ways, I wished him luck and I meant it.    
  
A few months ago I kind of went through Facebook checking on random people I use to know, and ran across his page. Everything about his life is different. He looks completely different, he has his own successful company, and he's just...not who I was with. Every time I hear someone talk about his upcoming wedding and he plans on flying out his family/fiance's family, I would be lying if I didn't admit that part of me wished that was my life given my recent struggles.  
  
How come it's so hard for me to feel happy for him? I think he's a wonderful guy and I couldn't care less if he a millionaire or dating another girl, it's just a part of me asks *why* he didn't change when he was with me, but the other part of screams that he owed me nothing. I'm trying to work up the courage to just send him a message and tell him I feel so happy for him and am so proud of him (as we haven't spoken for years), but each time I try I can't help but feel like I'm not doing it for the right reasons.  
  
Any advice ladies?