I've recently started a new job, and it's my first in the past few years that I consistently deal with customers directly, or deal with male customers at all (my last job was in a store that catered specifically to women). I work in a large new store with tons of customers behind a counter with several other people, so I am never alone with anyone. 

We don't have a dress code, but I dress very conservatively at work. No cleavage, knee length skirts or longer, and flats, plus I usually wear black tights (when I remember to wash my dang tights). 

Today, one man asked for my number when I asked if I could help with anything and called me beautiful several times, then asked if I was told that I was beautiful often. I turned pretty red and tried to laugh and said something like "haha, nope! not while I'm at work!". He was with someone else (I think his mom?) and didn't actually need anything from my counter, but it went on for several minutes while I couldn't leave my computer. He was mostly laughing and being silly, but it put me in a really tough situation.

A second was very polite and not as persistent. He told me I was beautiful while I was helping him and I awkward-laughed and said thank you and that was that. 

It's embarrassing because it happens in our small work space where everyone can hear, and there is no graceful way to let them know that I'm uncomfortable / it's inappropriate / I need to get back to work. I REALLY don't want to embarrass them or make them feel bad, but I also worry about giving someone the wrong idea by being too polite and then running into them in the parking lot when I'm leaving. 

Basically, thus far I've just laughed it off and said thanks and hoped that was the end of it. I've definitely not been harassed, and no one has made me feel unsafe or uneasy, it is just an uncomfortable situation that seems to have no good / safe response.  

I know there's no use worrying about something that hasn't happened yet, but in the past, I've had men ask me if I have a boyfriend, why I don't have a boyfriend, why I don't leave my boyfriend for them (if I make one up) if I want to be their girlfriend, ask if I'd give them MY number, what time I get off, etc. I've also had people track me down via facebook and send me long messages (which are easy to ignore because I'm no longer at work and obligated to respond). This hasn't happened at this job yet. 

I'd love to hear any experiences with this, or advice on how to respond better / something to say in those situations so they stop but aren't upset or embarrassed. 