This happened last night and I am filled with confusing emotions.

I am away on business (my job requires weekly travel), and my collegues and I decided to end a long day with a drink. A (male) friend of mine (let's call him X) shot me a text saying he was also in town, so of course I invite him along.

After bar closure we decide pizza and drinks at the hotel would be a fun way to prolong the evening, which was going fantastically. We have a few local friends over for a slice and some laughs. X says he needs to get going because his flight home was in the morning. I thought it was also time I hit the hay as the long day and the alcohol was kicking in. So we leave my collegue's room together. I was just down the hall and as I go for the hug goodbye, X lunges in for the kiss.

I was stunned, in shock, then pushed him away saying "This is NOT okay." I was oddly calm at first, then a fiery anger took hold of me. "What the hell do you think you're doing? What makes you think this is okay?" Then the aftershock of tears poured out "What the hell man? You're my friend! You can't just do that! I have a boyfriend! You KNOW my boyfriend! What the hell am I supposed to tell him now??" Then I took a step back and tried reasonning it out. "Listen I think you're a great guy but I'm in a relationship that I am not willing to compromise.."

In the mean time X look guilt-ridden and blubbers out "I'm so incredibly in love with you. I just.. I want you so bad. I'm sorry... I'm really sorry.... you're so incredible and mean the world to me and please don't be upset I'm sorry....."

I told him I couldn't deal with this right now and needed time to deal with what had just happened.

This morning I feel stupid. I knew this guy had some attraction to me as it had been mentionned in the past "Your boyfriend is a lucky man, you're such a catch. I envy him." Etc etc. I feel like I should have had a bigger guard up. I feel betrayed from a friend; He made a move I was not okay with, without my permission. I feel loss at our friendship as I don't know if I'll ever be able to face him alone (and we had been close friends). I feel anger at him crossing the line. I feel guilt at having betrayed my boyfriend, whether you consider it my fault or not. I feel sadness at not being able to provide my friend with the love he direly wants (as odd as it sounds, I feel bad for him, and he just got out of an abusive relationship). In an alternate reality we may have ended up together; He is someone I really care about and he was good to me as I was to him, but I have been in a long term relationship as long as we have known eachother. And I had drawn the line very clearly in the past because I am in love with my boyfriend and I would do anything to protect the relationship, but a side of me can't blame X for wondering the "what ifs" because I had thought about it too; I just never dreamed of acting on it. (Rereading this paragraph I realize it's all over the place but honestly I don't know how to make heads or tails of these thoughts and it's hard to word them out.)

I called my boyfriend and he took it like a champ. He is happy I stood my ground and makes nothing more of it that I had the oppertunity to cheat on him and did not take it. Although I appreciate his non-chalance and his support, I am still in a turmoil of emotions.

Sorry for the wall of text TwoX, but I need someone to help talk me through what I should be feeling and handling this situation. I feel anger, loss, sadness, hurt, betrayal, filthy, guilty, gross and confused.

It was only a kiss, how did it end up like this?