So here's what's up. My baby sister just turned 8 not even two weeks ago. I'm 20, we're 12 years apart. She has always grown in quick spurts and been the among the tallest girls in her class. Right now, she comes up to my shoulders (not sure of an exact height measurement, but I'm 5' 2" if you want to guess off of my shoulder height) and she weighs 70 pounds. For the record, her biological father is 6' 5", which has to contribute to the height.

As of late, my mom and I have noticed certain changes about her physically and emotionally. For one, she been eating more than usual. A LOT. Thankfully it's mostly healthy stuff (she loves vegetables...and refuses meat, oddly enough. Youngest vegetarian I've ever known) with the occasional spoonful of Nutella and potato chips here and there. Either way, she is putting on weight faster than my mom can buy clothes that fit her. She is nowhere near overweight as she's a very active kid, but I remember going through a phase like that right as I began puberty. She's also become more...self-conscious? I guess? About being clean. My parents are fixing up a house currently and she was over there with them, the entire time complaining that she "felt gross" and needed to take a shower because she stunk. When we got home, she was in the shower before we finished unloading stuff out of the car. Just a few months ago you had to force her to bathe, and now she's persistent about keeping clean...another transformation I went through when I started puberty. She's also been having some sleep troubles too. She'll fall asleep at 7pm, be wide awake at 2am (when I usually get home from work) and go back to sleep until morning time. I know your body needs extra rest during those times, which makes me wonder as well if some things are starting to change.

Her emotional changes have been a disaster already! She's already beginning to have mood swings. She will just randomly start crying, and when asked why she's sad she just answers "I don't know" or "I'm just tired", then she will be perfectly fine 5-10 minutes afterward, like nothing happened. (She's a generally happy kid and is never persistently sad, so we're certain she's not depressed.) My mother and I always tell her it's okay be sad now and then and to cry even if you don't have a reason to.

I know this is all a natural process, but I am so worried for her. I have always been a tiny girl, so I didn't start puberty until I was 11 (at the absolute earliest), started my period when I was 13, and didn't get pubic hair or boobs that amounted to anything until 15-16. I felt as though I developed on the average timeline. I'm worried for my sister though...she's such an early bloomer. I'm afraid other kids might make fun of her at school (she's only in the second grade) or that she might start her period and not know what to do or bleed on her pants and get sad or something. :( My mother plans to have the period talk with her within the next few days and let her dad know to be prepared (she has visitation with her father every weekend.) 

I don't know what I should do as the big sister in the situation. Mom plans on giving her the talk, but little sis has always been my shadow and my partner in crime, and I want to be there for her when she starts going through all this craziness. I want her to feel like she can come to me with questions and be open with me, and I'm sure she will be. I'm just so nervous for her. I don't want her to feel like a freak of nature when all these changes start happening. :(

TwoX, were any of you "early bloomers"? How did you handle it? What kind of support would you have liked during that time? And any mothers/big sisters of early bloomers/any girl going through puberty, how did you help them navigate the journey into womanhood? Going through it was rough, but I feel like watching my mini me go through it will be 20 times worse! :(

Thank you all!