Hi,

I have been with my girlfriend now for a few months.  I really care about her and we have a great relationship.  But she has quite clearly suffered phycolgically and it has taken her some time to open up to me about a few things.  She does not want to go into too much detail but I am hoping that she will continue to view me as trustworthy enough to bear the burden with her.

I suspect her father has both physically and mentally abused her.  She is early 20s.  I don't know how long it has been going on and I don't know how far it goes and it worries me.   She has mentioned that her father has hit her in the past and still grabs her and stops her from being able to get away from him when she wants to leave the room.  I don't think it's like one of those crazed moments of fury kind of attacks, but more of the grabbing her arm and forcing her back into the room so he can continue to lecture her.  Apparently it has escalated to the point where she has told him to get away from her and he continued to force her to do whatever it was he was trying to get her to do.  She has said that he did hit her often when she was growing up.  Her father is a devoted catholic, and has a very successful career.  Seems to treat his family like property because he earns good money.....

I see classic signs of abuse.  I love my girlfriend, and she loves me.  We live in different states so it is long distance thing, but when she comes to see me she says she is so happy and relaxed.  But she is being pressured by her parents (remember she is in her 20's and able to make her own mind up) to break up with me, because "only they have her true happiness and wellbeing in mind".  They tell her that I couldn't possibly love her as much as her parents which is why they must do 'x'.  It real control issue.  

She does not live with her father, but she lives in his house (well-off family).  She is studying and does not have a lot of income.  Her parents have always said that they will let her live rent free while she is studying.  She lives with her sister who is just as bad as her parents in a lot of aspects.  She does not get along with her.  When she told them she wanted to move out of the house, they coincidentally started charging rent.  This rent coupled with the low-income-student situation means that she now cannot possibly save the money required for rent/bond to move - how convenient!

Basically, I wanted to come here to have a bit of a rant, but I also want to know what you all think?  She has started seeing a phycologist in the last month which I hope will allow her to work through some of this.   

What should I do about this?  I need to get her out of this toxic situation?  Any suggestions?

Sorry for the formatting (on phone), spelling, and general lack of direction.  
