Please read the entire story before jumping to any conclusions.  Also, I currently live in California, and if someone could cite the exact law, I would appreciate it.

So I had had the Paragard IUD since December of 2012, about 7 months after I started dating my current SO.  If anyone knows anything about IUDs, they would know that they are some of the best forms of BC, since you can't really misuse them.  Anyway, on February 23th I had an excruciating pain in my right side, but since I was between health insurance policies (my next plan was to start March 1st, a week later) I tried to avoid going to the doctor.  After hours of screaming and vomiting from the pain and almost passing out, I decide to go to a clinic to see what's wrong.  This pain.. was like nothing I had ever felt in my life.  Upon arriving at the clinic and spending $100, they tell me to head to the ER right away-- they thought it was my appendix.

Fastforward a few hours, and after several tests we find out it was an ectopic pregnancy.. in my ovary.  The pregnancy was in my right ovary, and had grown so much that my ovary ruptured.  If I didn't go into the ER, there's a possibility that I could have died, so denying help wasn't really an option.  Now, I may have to pay over $10,000 (I'm still waiting to see if I qualify for help) in hospital fees, and I'm not in a place where I can afford that.  My SO isn't any more financially secure than I am (we are both recent college graduates), but I think it's a little unfair that because of something we **both** caused, I have to possibly deal with a $10,000 bill by myself IN ADDITION to all the pain I went through.  Not to mention I had to take 2 unpaid weeks off of work to recover.

When I tried looking this up online, I couldn't find a specific law.  Mostly, I found people opposing the very idea that a man would be financially responsible, and that baffles me.  I would hear arguments that it's a woman's choice to have sex, knowing that she may get pregnant.  Well... I think it's a man's choice as well, knowing that he may get the woman pregnant.  Also, it's not like we were being careless, I was on what I thought was the best form of BC for me, since my body doesn't react well to hormonal BC.

Anyway, can anyone help me understand legally where we stand?  I hate to have to put this burden on to my SO, but I'm still trying to emotionally recover from this whole thing... let alone worry about paying the bills on my own.  Thanks!

If you need any more information, please let me know and I'll try my best to provide the answers.

EDIT: Thanks for all of your input.  Guess I'm never having sex again until I'm old enough to get my tubes tied and my SO gets snipped.