This is my first post to TwoX, I'm really glad I found this subreddit.

This may sound really petty, and I'm getting a little annoyed with myself for being peeved about it. I've known my best friend for 13 years. I don't get to see her much any more (I moved out of our home town 4/5 years ago) but we text almost every day. She's like a sister to me. 

She's getting married this weekend. It was a pretty whirlwind decision and at first it was only going to be her, her boyfriend, and two witnesses, then having a bigger celebration next year, but it soon developed into a wedding with just close friends and family. My boyfriend and I are going and we were (..are) really looking forward to it.

She always maintained that this would be a pretty simple affair, no big deal, just a 'casual' marriage. She didn't even plan on having a dress. It's now gone to the complete opposite end of the scale, and she's got the dress, a car, the full works. She didn't tell me that she planned to have bridesmaids, there was no mention of anything at all. She'd always said that I'd be one of her bridesmaids when she gets married, and she'd be my only one (as I have zero girl friends where I live now). I saw on facebook (cue sounding like I'm on Jeremy Kyle) that a girl I know posted on her timeline saying 'I am in love with my bridesmaid dress'...hello legitbabyseal14's shocked face. I had to try so hard not to cry! How pathetic.

I asked her if she was having bridesmaids and she said she's decided to buy two of her friends bridesmaid dresses, saying to me 'you wouldn't have been able to try it on, I'll get you one for the next time' - completely ruling out any possibility of me coming down for a weekend to try it - which you know what, I would've done. 100 miles of distance wouldn't stop me going to try something on if she wanted me to be a part of her day. It's just like she's not even taken into consideration even asking me, just ruling me out straight away.

I got a bit upset, I valued our friendship...I still do, but I'm feeling a bit put off by her now. I don't want to be a bridesmaidzilla, I'm just glad I get to see her get married, albeit with gritted teeth when I see her two friends in their undoubtedly gorgeous dresses. Am I being out of order? My boyfriend has been supportive and he seems to think that she's been a bit wrong in this situation. It's absolutely her day, absolutely up to her what it is she wants to do, I respect that, but I just feel like I've been a bit disregarded in the whole thing.

Would appreciate your advice, TwoX, if there's any advice to give!