Hey TwoX, you are my go-to for social situation/sexual harassment dilemmas, and this is both. Sorry for the wall of text, and thanks in advance for your time!


I’m a university student who will be changing schools to attend an institution across the country in the fall. A few weeks ago, I had to inform my extended group of friends that I would not be returning (I’d told a few of my closest friends a bit earlier). One friend of mine, whom I will refer to as R, sent me a facebook message later saying that he was upset that I’d told other people but not him, and that he just wanted to help and be a good friend.


To be honest, I reached out to those few closest friends then because I tend to self-destruct when I'm stressed and alone, and they were the only people I could reach immediately who I trusted to talk me down and listen without judgment. R has a good heart, but he’s a little socially awkward (he and several of our psych major friends believe he’s on the autism spectrum, though it's not official); on several occasions I’ve found myself in the position of being his outlet when I don’t have sufficient resources to do so, and I definitely didn't have resources then.


I didn’t see or hear from R again until our mutual friend’s house party a day or so later. I tried to avoid him, but eventually he found me, pulled me off to the side and apologized. I was kinda pissed and also unsure of how genuine the apology was because he was a little drunk, but to get him off my back I accepted and went on my way.


A few hours and a few drinks later, I passed by R sitting in the hall by himself, extremely drunk. He asked me to sit down because he wanted to talk to me for a bit, and I did. He started talking about how sorry he was, and also getting really touchy-feely – hand on my neck, forehead against mine like he was about to kiss me, etc. He was getting dramatic and I was getting uncomfortable, so I told him I had to go, but he grabbed my wrist and pulled me back down. Just then, though, one of my other big guy friends came around the corner, and when I signaled to him for help he came up with some excuse to haul R off to a different part of the house.


And now, a little part of my brain keeps asking, what if my other friend hadn’t shown up then? I'm a very small person, and even if I’d been sober I doubt I’d have been able to escape. I feel so unreasonable, because nothing actually happened, and rationally I don’t believe R would have done anything. But for a week after, I froze every time I saw R, and even after two weeks I’m still uncomfortable interacting with him one-on-one or with him touching me. 


I’m not sure if he even remembers what happened, but he’s noticed that I’ve been avoiding him, because he sent me another message the other day saying that he’d been a jerk and was sorry. I told him it was okay, and that the whole situation is a mess, and he just replied “Yeah, but still”. I didn’t know how to respond (someone said that it was R fishing for compliments, trying to get me to tell him that no, he’s been a perfectly fine friend) so I didn’t.


Except now, I always try to make amends with everyone whenever things end, and I’m wondering if I should talk to R, and if yes, what to tell him. I feel like I should tell him the real reason I was avoiding him, and that he should know that he becomes really inappropriate when he’s drunk (he’s gotten really physical with other people on other occasions as well). But I’m also not sure how productive telling him would be; he gets really defensive about things because he really does have good intentions, and also this happened weeks ago and he might not even remember it.


**TL;DR: To explain or not to explain to my friend before I move away that I’ve been avoiding him as an overreaction to his gropey-drunk behavior from weeks back: that is the question.**

edit: formatting