Prior to the pill and even during, my period was very light. 3-4 days long, no cramps or symptoms and maybe a tampon or two a day. A box would last me months and I never bled through. 

I had a large ovarian cyst in early December and when I went for a checkup in late January it was gone. When I was at my checkup I was on day 16 of a "period" that was a fairly steady flow. The practitioner at the clinic recommended I do a pause on my pill and let it bleed out. I followed her advice and it eventually stopped a few days later. 

Ive been taking a break from the pill since then. Also haven't had a period since then, but know they can be irregular after the pill. Monday the 5th (8 days ago) I started spotting. After a few days it got VERY heavy and I was going through like 5+ tampons a day, which may be usual for some people but definitely not for me. 

My boyfriend and I went shopping the day before yesterday and we were gone maybe an hour and a half and I started bleeding through my shorts... I stayed in the car while he finished, maybe 20 minutes... and by the time I got home the shorts were pretty red in that area. 

Then yesterday my puppy got into the bathroom trash while I was napping (boyfriend forgot to close the door) and when my boyfriend woke up I guess the puppy had scattered tampons and bloody toilet paper all over the house. My boyfriend didn't mention it until today cause he said he didn't want me to be embarrassed that he saw all that and cleaned it up. I mentioned that I'm annoyed its taking so long to end since we have a wedding to go to in three days and doesn't seem to be letting up  and that its a lot of blood and he agreed. He said he is worried about blood loss from what he saw (was only two days worth, but it filled my little bathroom trash. He's also a nurse if that matters, but he probably has no clue about periods lol so not sure what to think of his comment). 

Anyway, my main question is what is going on with me?! Will this period ever end?! There is no pain, lots of blood (some wet and some clots) and it seems to soak through everything so fast. Has anyone had something similar happen to them? Its very annoying!