Edit 2: woah, woke up to a crowded inbox. It's gonna take me a while but I will read every response here, thank you to everyone who has shared their stories! 

Mine is far from traumatic, since I have an amazing family, but it still isn't an experience I ever hope to repeat. tl;dr no regrets and my best friend is amazing

 I found out I was pregnant shortly before my 18th birthday and the father was a fellow High School student.  I immediately decided it needed to be terminated and I had to face my mother.  Telling her was scary, but once it was out and I had her support I felt much better.  She helped me deal with the guy's family although in the end I just cut contact and got through it with financial support from my grandmother.

I got in for my first appointment shortly before I was supposed to go to Louisiana for two weeks, so we scheduled the actual abortion shortly after I would be back, accidentally putting it on the same day as my prom.  I went and learned piercing, avoiding what would have been two hellishly long drama filled weeks of school.

The procedure was short and relatively painless.  One of the nurses held my hand and I had an old stuffed animal in my bag that I pulled out and held on to.  I don't regret bringing her either, wolfy was a very supportive companion since I asked my grandma to stay in the waiting room.

Afterwards was when things got bad.  The cramping was kinda awful, like my normal periods, and I had to keep heat on my lower back.  I spent nearly the whole night watching movies and texting.  This was when I started to get "drama."  My boyfriend at the time decided to dump me via text about an hour after the operation for completely unrelated reasons despite having been supportive of me and knowing exactly what I was doing that day.

  I had kind of shut down and was flunking out before the whole situation though, so it actually had a positive effect in school.  I had made so many people hate me by referring to the fetus as a "parasite" (partially a coping mechanism) and being entirely unconflicted about terminating the pregnancy that I was only talking to my best friend (who is very religious, but was so supportive of me, I love that girl so much) and a couple supportive teachers and counselors so I was able to buckle down and finish the year strong with more credits than I needed.

Edit: Just felt a need to add that for me an abortion was really the only sensible option, it was entirely my decision, and looking back I would not be alive if I had been unable to terminate the pregnancy.  I am adamantly childfree so if I was unable to abort (and failing that force a miscarriage) I would have called the police then taken a knife to my own uterus.  