Just a little bit of background information about me: I'm a soon-to-be-24 year old young woman who recently graduated with her Doctorate in Pharmacy. I come from a family with multiple nurses and a pretty excellent health care background compared to most people. I understand the medical lingo, I take pretty good care of myself, perhaps lacking only in the physical exercise for the past few years due to the stress and time constraints of my education. (I was a was involved in multiple sports during my early childhood and until the end of high school.) I eat well and don't smoke cigarettes. I will admit to smoking hookah on a regular basis for the past 6-8 months or so. I eat well, cooking most of my own meals are rarely eating fast food. My BMI is probably on the low side of normal, but its been that way ever since I was little. Overall, I'd say I'm in pretty darn good shape. Now, on to my story...

I started seeing an OB/Gyn when I was around 16. I was having irregular menses, where I would skip a month, get my period, stop, then have it start up two weeks later. As a result, I was put on birth control, despite still being a virgin. It wasn't until I was almost 18 that I became sexually active. Then and until now, I have been almost entirely monogamous. (There was a time a few years ago where I slept with three different guys within 4-5 months, but they never overlapped.)

I believe it was January of 2012 when I went in for my yearly OB/GYN visit, with pap smear. I got a phone call stating that my pap showed abnormal results and I'd have to come in for a repeat test. It was only a few moments before the procedure that I found out what was actually happening. Not just a repeat pap, but a [colposcopy](http://www.mayoclinic.org/tests-procedures/colposcopy/basics/definition/prc-20014027). (You mean you're going to be cutting out bits of my cervix?! Excuse me??!) I was terrified and alone, which didn't help matters. It was also around this time that by doctor informed me I've had slight abnormalities on a pap before, which I was completely unaware of. My former doctor had neglected to give me this information. So I'm there half naked, alone, scared, and furious that my doctor kept this information from me. Not a fun way to start a procedure.

I don't recall the results of the colposcopy, but I had to have a repeat pap about around July 2012. That test, thankfully, came back normal. It seemed as if what they believed to be some sort of HPV infection had cleared.

January 2013: routine visit, no abnormal findings.

This year I switched doctors to a woman who was reported to have a much better bedside manner compared to the other one I was seeing. During my February 2014 visit, she was fantastic. She explained everything that she was doing (and even had a the speculum warmed up, it was amazing!) and was as gentle as one could be down there. She noticed a few abnormalities, some mild dysplasia. She took the smear and glanced at it under a microscope. No microbiology found, but she wanted to wait for the full pathology results before saying much more. I received another call a few days later: "We would like you to come in for a colposcopy so we may biopsy the tissue and get a better idea about the dysplasia."

Crap. Not this again. So I continued on with my schooling, finally graduating the beginning of this month, then getting the colposcopy done a few weeks later. Again, my doctor was as great as can be expected in that situation and ended up taking two biopsies of my cervix. And so began the waiting game...

Yesterday, I received a phone call from the office. As it turns out, one of the biopsies was [CIN1](http://www.cancer.gov/dictionary?cdrid=543118) and the other was [CIN3](http://www.cancer.gov/dictionary?cdrid=560661). Although I can tell you a ton about medications, diagnosis is another thing. Needless to say, I was scared shitless when I got home and looked up the terms. The office also scheduled me for a [LEEP procedure](http://www.hopkinsmedicine.org/healthlibrary/test_procedures/gynecology/loop_electrosurgical_excision_procedure_leep_92,P07780/), which is effectively a hot loop used to excise the tissue. From what I've read, this procedure has up to a 98% cure rate for CIN2/CIN3 (according to one study). Even with that information, I'm still terrified. I haven't decided if I want children yet, and I read that the risks include cause infertility or premature birth. Scary stuff to think about when your 24th birthday is coming up in a few days, you just graduated, and need to study for 3 huge licensing exams in the upcoming month. (And to top all this off, my last living grandparent has been in the hospital for a few days with "we're not sure" according to the doctors.)

Now for my soap box. Please do not read this and feel pity for me. My situation kind of sucks, but I can only imagine how much worse it could potentially be if I did not see my OB/GYN on an annual basis. Who knows what could have happened if I was lax about my visits. I should also not that I have not received the Guardasil vaccine. I made excuses as to why I couldn't get it (school doesn't offer it, it would be a hassle to travel so frequently to my PCP that was three hours away from school to complete the series, etc). Now, especially last night, I could not stop thinking if things would be different if I had gotten it a year or two ago. Would it make a difference if I were to get it now? Unfortunately, I do not have the answers to these questions. But what I **can** do is urge all of you to regularly visit your OB/GYN *especially* if you are sexually active. Your reproductive health is not anything to fool around with. 

Thanks for reading, TwoX. Even though this is a throwaway, I will stay logged in for the day if anyone has any questions. I won't be tethered to the computer, as I need to do some baking and cooking to get my mind off of things, but I will do my best to answer you in a timely manner. Best wishes to all of you.