So I just graduated college this weekend, and yesterday I had a graduation party to celebrate. My mom invited a ton of her friends and our neighbors, so I had to spend a good amount of time doing my polite rounds, having pleasant conversations and telling them about my future plans, you know all that bs.

At one point I mentioned last week, in order to get my degree in English, I had to write a 20 page research paper. "What on?" I was asked by one woman. Ahh...I feared the worse. My topic touched on feminist topics, and this is not a polite, delightful conversation topic. "Oh, it was on the representation of female friendships in Women's Films and how their problematic" I replied, purposefully not mentioning my thesis being "and how these friendships are defined by and at the whim of patriarchy."

And that's when the casual sexism begins.

The woman laughed. "Well, my husband has a theory that women can't really be friends with each other until their in the 30s," she explained. "Before then they're just competing with each other, over jobs, over boys, you know, that kind of thing."

"Yes, but do women compete with each other because that's how we are as women, or because we culturally teach women to treat each other that way?" I replied. She tried to deflect answering the question directly.

A man heard us too. "I can't speak from personal experience, since, you know," he says, hiding his distain for the topic behind his sunglasses but not being able to resist giving his opinion. "But my daughter only hangs out with boys now because she says girls are too much drama."

"That's funny," I said, deciding to give my anecdotal evidence as well. "Because I have a close group of girl-friends and we've pretty much stopped hanging out with the guys that used to be in our group because THEY are too much drama." He avoided replying as well.

I guess the reason why this whole event bothered me so much is because, well, this is why I wrote that paper in the first place. I wrote about how these movies gave barely any credit to inter-female relationships and how they can be important to a woman's life, and instead these movies focus on the obsession over woman-to-man romantic relationships that are all too often unequal in their power structure. And the reason why I thought that was important is because I didn't think it just appeared in movies, but in real life as well. And I was given proof of that right before me. I am extremely close to my girl-friends and we've helped each other so much, but here I have one woman telling me that she assumes that these friendships can't be real because we're still in our 20s and 'haven't gotten over our competitiveness,' and I have a man assuming that these girl-friends only add drama to my life, and only friendships with men would avoid that. 

I guess it also bothers me because this was at the celebration of my college graduation, meaning that in some ways I'm now in the 'adult world.' And these are the kinds of conversations I have to look forward to, apparently.

Sorry for my rant, guys, hopefully you'll relate~

(also I want to make clear that I don't think that male-to-female relationships are impossible or aren't important, or that I avoid them in my life. Personally, as of late, I don't have many close guy-friends, but this is not an active choice. I just feel like culturally we undermine female-to-female relationships, which bothers the hell out of me, but I have nothing against male-to-female relationships in comparison)