I have a couple of questions about harassment and I hope I can get some honest opinions about the matter.  I don't have many female friends I can talk to about this, so 2x is the closest thing I have to girl friends. 

I work at a large U.S. based bank, but not as a teller. I basically troubleshoot customer's bank accounts and do anything from tech support  to refunding  bank fees and disputing unauthorized transactions. All of this I do over the phone so I never see any of my customers face to face, it's nice in some aspects (I can wear what I want!) and in other aspects, people treat me so much worse because I'm just a voice over the phone. 
Anyways, recently I've been getting a rather large amount of inappropriate comments. I'm not sure how to handle it.  

For example: Yesterday I had to deal with two different men remarking how sexy I sounded, which led to them asking if I had a boyfriend. I then had a guy, who was almost ten years younger than me call me "sugar tits." I didn't react to that one, because I was so shocked. 

It's not unusual for men to ask if I'm single or for them to call me doll, sweetheart, honey, baby, and/or a million other pet names. I usually don't say anything, but it's just becoming so common that it's getting extremely infuriating. Like dude, I just refunded you over a hundred dollars in bank fees a simple thank you would suffice instead of asking me how I look. 

I had another guy ask me what state I lived in because he was in a middle of a divorce and another guy tell me if he ever leaves his wife, he'll find me.  I am just not comfortable with any of this, I understand that there are hazards with working with the public, but I am so fumbling and awkward that I never know what to say when these things  happen.  I just give a half hearted laugh and quickly bring the subject back to banking. 

I really want to say something to these men, but all of our calls are recorded and we cannot talk back to customers.  If our calls get really bad, i.e. screaming and being extremely abusive  we can transfer them to our escalation group. Usually, when I think of something to say (it's normally after I get off work) it's a lengthy tirade filled with things that would get me fired.

I just want to say something, letting them know it's not okay to speak to anyone like that. I feel like shouting at them that my name isn't honey, sweetie, baby, or sugar tits! I actually have a real name which I told you in the beginning of our conversation!  Is there any way I could politely tell them please call me by my name? Or that me having a boyfriend has nothing to do with the fact that you are overdrawn by $300.00? Should I just work on developing a thicker skin and get over this? 

Any suggestions, advice, or personal stories about similar dealings would be welcomed. This is also my first time posting here, I hope I did everything right. 
