Yesterday I failed miserably in a promise I made to myself a few months ago that I would stop arguing with stupid people on the internet.

I commented on an article about a feminist student group that advocates placing trigger warnings on assigned readings in schools. The general attitude of the kind and tolerant subscribers to r/news was that this was a ridiculous attempt at censorship.

So I was a fool and shared my own experience. My younger sister was raped by her ex and his friends while I was in college. A few months later during a class presentation on the Nanking Massacre, I had to excuse myself after being confronted by a really graphic image of a dead rape victim. If someone had simply said "The next picture depicts a dead rape victim", maybe I could have kept it together. Or maybe I would have still left. Regardless, I would have been a little better prepared.

Some lovely and considerate man decided to let me know that I was invalidly reacting based on an experience that, essentially, is not my own. Further more, that I was a child and that the world would "obliterate me". 

First of all, I'm 25 and a completely independent adult, and as far as I know, I have not been "obliterated". Second of all, I of course realize that I was not raped. My sister was. Whenever I think about it, I am enraged at how improbable it is that I will be able to strangle the life out of her rapists. I am ashamed of myself for failing to keep her safe. I feel hollow, disgusted, ect. ect. 

It's still not easy to think about, but you know, 2 months after it happened I was having a really hard time dealing with it. Is it really that outrageous that the immediate family member of a rape victim would not want to look at pictures of sexual violence while they were still in the process of coping? Apparently!

Fuck that guy.

Edit:
I just want to articulate that I by no means believe I have PTSD as a result of my sister's rape. It may be difficult to imagine how rape effects family members, but there are tons of support groups out there for that specific reason, so I am very confident that the grief I experienced was entirely normal. 

My initial point was not "Look at me, my sister was raped and it made me sad, so now everyone should be sensitive to my feelings!". I was trying to contribute to what I thought was a conversation about how the emotional and social impacts of sexual violence should be dealt with in an academic setting. Are trigger warnings the best way to deal with that? I don't know, but based on my own experience it could be helpful.

FINALLY, it's not even the fact that someone would disagree with this opinion that resulted in my angsty post. I think it's pretty fucked up that I can't have this conversation without being told that the emotions I had at the time couldn't possibly have been bad enough to warrant any sort of mitigation beyond me growing a pair, or that I am just looking for attention or something. I seriously could care less if someone feels that way about my little story. I care more that this seems to be a very widespread reaction to assertions that rape is a hugely negative thing, in general. The sad thing is that the chances that anyone who feels this way will eventually be proven wrong when someone they love is raped are not in their favor.