I have developed a really really high level of anxiety for the idea of leaving my little studio apartment.

Every single time I step outside, I get either yelled at/catcalled or grabbed/groped or followed by cars with men hanging out of the window, etc. Or any combination thereof. 

Men will say terrible things. Disgusting things. Viscous things. Things I don't want to repeat.

I'm not exaggerating about this. No one seems to take this seriously if I mention it. I don't mention it much because the reactions from friends or family or SOs aren't nice. Sometimes they don't believe me. Sometimes they think I'm overplaying it for attention. Or that I'm like bragging in some weird way about the attention I get. They imply I secretly enjoy it. Or say I should find it flattering. Sometimes my SO says I'm exaggerating to make him jealous.

I don't live in a "bad neighborhood" where people expect this stuff to be happening. This happens everywhere. All types of people do it.

I'm sobbing as I write this. I just want someone to realize how fucked up it all is. I want someone to be on my side.

I've developed an aversion to touch. An aversion to people.

I have tried everything to get this stuff to stop. I dress very conservatively. I don't do anything but minimum makeup. I keep to myself. I don't make eye contact with people. All the stuff I can change. It's not like I'm incredibly attractive anyway.

I can't change my gender. Sometimes I catch myself hoping I could and I hate myself for it. 

The only solution I have of not getting harassed is to not go outside. 

It's affecting my entire life. It's ruining my life.

What's my fault for going outside? Why does this happen? Why am I faced with such malice just for existing in public?

Every time I think about going outside now, after years of this, I find myself with a huge amount of anxiety. It takes me hours just to get outside and then I'm nearly exploding as I'm making a beeline for wherever I have to get to.

I wear big headphones. I wear a hoodie. I wear sunglasses. I intentionally wear sunglasses that have mirrored lenses because I'm secretly hoping that when someone bothers me, they'll see their reflection in my sunglasses and be embarrassed about themselves.

I've talked to therapists about this and the responses I have gotten are not okay. One told me to "just act crazy in public so then they'll leave you alone." Another said "look and dress uglier." And another said "don't put yourself in that situation." These are their solutions to this issue. Two of these therapists were women themselves and the last one was a man.

Why do I have to change who I am in order to exist without getting harassed? I'm not even doing anything wrong. I try to live a good life.

If, on the flipside, someone complained of not getting enough attention from men, no one would ever say: "act more normal, it's simple, change who you are", "look prettier and dress better, instead of what you want to look like", "put yourself in those situations, it's easy, just do it".

I'm sorry for this incredibly long sob story. I just need any support. I don't know what to do. I'm not really looking for solutions or answers, I just needed to say this somewhere I wouldn't get judged. I hope you understand where I'm coming from. 

I feel like an alien

I feel so isolated