I'm a senior in college, just finished my junior year, and I had to find an internship. I'm a criminal justice major with a focus in victim services/victim advocacy. I was raped my freshman year of college but suppressed it for a solid six months. It wasn't in a dark alleyway, I wasn't drunk, I had invited him in to my apartment. A sudden and horrific panic attack made me face it and see it for what it was. Rape.
That's about the time I started learning more about feminism, rape culture, and many other facets in those areas. I had always known, coming in to college, that I wanted to help people. I just didn't know how. I was already a criminal justice major and I started looking into something dealing with victims. I had no idea how many resources there were that I could have taken advantage of, that would have been incredibly helpful. I found out that there was a certificate I could get. "Victim advocacy". 

That was it. That's what I knew I needed to do. There was no doubt in my mind and I could not have been more excited to take this next step in my life, in a positive direction. Jump forward to about a month and a half ago and I hear about internship opportunities opening up in the universities' victim services. I have never wanted anything as bad as I wanted this internship. It was the exact job I wanted to get in to and the experience I could gain from it would be invaluable. So I apply. First I send in my application, then I have an on-the-phone interview. They said they would call me back in a few days to let me know if I was picked for an in-person interview. I WAS!! So I go to that interview and it's me and another girl together with 3 interviewers asking us questions. I was so nervous! At the end of the interview they said they would let us know the next week if we got a position. 

This last week was probably one of the longest ones of my life. But they called today and I got in!! As soon as I got off the phone I hopped up and started dancing around, I was so happy. This is one of the most amazing opportunities for me and I honestly can't convey how thankful I am that I made it.

**TL;DR** Just got the call today that I made it into my dream internship with victim services/victim advocacy at my college. One step closer to becoming a victim advocate!