Hey TwoX, I'm a 20 year old young woman and I work for a fairly small office. The women I work directly with are both older than me (20+ and maybe 35+ years).

This is my first time working in an office environment (been here for 2 months), so I'm trying very hard not to screw it up by learning as much as I can, doing as told, etc. 

What bothers me is that these two women (the ones I have to directly deal with every day) are confusing the hell out of me. They both act very friendly towards me at some point during the day, but it just doesn't feel genuine and it makes me uncomfortable. I've always been well-liked at all of my previous jobs, and I've never felt this "fake" friendliness coming from any past coworkers/bosses. It feels "fake" because as soon as I open up to them, these women find a way to indirectly tell me how much better than me they are or how wrong I am. Despite this, I always smile and take in their advice and find myself actually trying to figure out what's wrong with what I'm saying or how I'm acting, but I find this strange because I've never had to question myself so much before.

I find this ridiculous as they are much older and this just seems like childish behavior, it feels as if they're trying to compete with me by showing me that they're right and I'm wrong. They also seem to get very annoyed and upset when I ask for clarification on how to do certain things that they've NEVER explained to me before (these things need to be explained because these ladies have very specific ways of doing things around here, so they can't possibly expect me to know this stuff). I also get very mean death stares, as if I did something to purposely hurt them. They also don't make me feel very welcome or as a part of the team. For example, they all talk and joke with each other, but always seem to exclude me. That doesn't bother me as much, but it's just something I've noticed. I also can't help but notice how much my boss (the woman I interact with most) excludes me from their group. For instance, she is always going out of her way to ask all the women on our side of the building if they'd like to order any food (they all order together for lunch, or if she's going to the store) and never asks me if I want anything. I don't know how to feel about this (not that I should expect her to consider me in any way), but why not ask me as well? I, too, am an employee and I do all of my work, I'm always nice to her, I do literally everything she asks of me, so why exclude me so much? 

There's another girl of my age that also works here and they all love her like family, and I'm not asking for the same, but I feel as though this shows me that my age is probably not the problem here. Therefore, I don't understand what I'm doing for them to dislike me. Also, all of the men around here are very friendly and they all try to help me even if I don't need it. Some of the ladies from the other side are also nice and don't seem fake, however I don't see them very much.

I really, truly like this job, but this is getting to me. Is this normal in all office environments, or am I completely out of line here? Am I expecting too much? If any of you have similar experiences, please share! Thanks