I've been on Reddit for over a year now and while I don't post much, I spend a lot of time on the website just learning new things related to my interests or seeing interesting things that people have experienced. As a woman, it is sometimes hard to love reddit because of the frequent misrepresentation of women and the misunderstandings that happen so often about women. 

I'm well aware that there are subreddits like /r/feminism but I was afraid of subscribing because I didn't know if the subreddit was full of women wanting to support feminism or if it was a bunch of man-haters looking to circlejerk in the opposite direction. I had no idea that twoX existed until it became a default and it looks like exactly what I need in terms of a female perspective subreddit. I also find that it is probably what the entire reddit community needs in terms of a default subreddit to represent what women have to say. 

While it's true that putting the community on public display means that you're going to have to deal with trolls and misconceptions on a regular basis it's also the case that people that are not women will now have the opportunity to hear what women have to say. It's also the case that women on reddit will discover that there are many other women out there that they can relate to and talk with. 

It's true that its hard to talk about being a woman with people that are not women. Every person has lived a very different life from everyone else and sometimes it's hard to feel as though there are people that are actually taking your perspective seriously. While these conversations are extremely hard to have and often frustrating they need to happen. People need to stop perpetuating false notions about women (or all genders for that matter). This subreddit can help to do just that. And when trolls come along, report them. It will be hard to not take what they say personally but don't take it personally. That's exactly what they want you to do. 

Anyway. tl;dr I think this should be a default because reddit needs more women voices. And it's going to be hard sometimes but we should put ourselves out there. 