This is a thought I've been playing with and I thought we could have an interesting (non-confrontational) discussion about it. This is also like my first post ever, so if I did this wrong... sorry. 


So, lets make a few assumptions that may or may not be true but I dont want to get bogged down in link-wars:

1. women and men without children in similar professions make about the same. 

2. women with children tend to make less than men in similar professions. 

3. women tend to choose lower paying jobs then men, including child care, teaching, nursing, elder care, etc. 

And these 3 factors account for the fact that on average, women make 75(ish)% of what men do. 


For now, I don't have a solution to the women-with-children-paid-less-than-men-with-children. There are a lot of factors here. 


So, in my beautiful, utopian philosophically-invented society, in order to achieve fair wages, it's not a question of MORE WOMAN ENGINEERS (or STEM high-paying-career of choice), because there are many women who are not interested in that. Most women, statistically speaking, want to be care-givers, to make the world better by helping other people. And that's a good thing. The world NEEDS that.


So the best way to achieve equal wages, to give women and men equal economic power, is to raise the wages of caregiver jobs. This means higher wages (and thus more jobs and better quality of worker) in:

Early childhood education and daycare

Elementary and Junior High

Nursing and nurses aids

Elder care

Human Resources

Minimum Wage Jobs (food/sales clerk, etc)



Basically, give Pink Collar jobs the respect and funding they deserve, which would in effect create a more nurturing, well developed society, with better adjusted and educated kids. This sounds awesome, especially in a time when a massive amount of people are going to retire and require more medical and elder care. 


The amazing thing is that this would be fairly easy to do (for a given definition of "easy"). Many of these jobs are under the education and healthcare umbrella, who's wages are (at least in Canada, I know less about you wacky yankees), set by the government. Minimum wage, obviously also set by government. A few strokes of a pen and BAM, mission accomplished (after months and years of wrangling and a few scandals, of course). 


So... Should I run for President or am I missing something?