This is long. Work and personal space issues. Please help. 

So. I recently left my home of 23 years to move to a city 5x the size for a better job. 

This job is stressful! Typically, 45+ hour weeks, long commute, and I have a decent dislike for my boss, but I make it through and do my job well. 

I've been working here for about 5 months now, and one of our big projects for this quarter involves a decent amount of travel. 

We got a short term rental house for the time we have to spend at our second office and I'm about to loose my cool. 

I'm a quiet, reserved person. I normally live with my husband, daughter, and since we moved one of our good friends.

 I've never had a roommate. Never shared my space with someone I didn't love 100%. 

Until recently, I had only ever spent 2 nights away from my husband since we moved in together in 2008. 

I've been away since Sunday, I'll have a week home, then two weeks here. 

I'm tired. Day starts at 6, it's loud. People are stomping, playing music loudly, and being generally aggravating. 

We're at the office from 7:30-6pm typically. Come home, and it's loud and stressful again. Around 7:30 everyone starts working again and stops around 11 or midnight. I can work that much, god knows I have stuff to do, but I can't be ON that much. I can't stand talking about work any more. 

I'm tired. I'm surrounded by people. I can't not participate (my boss, her boss, and the company president are ALL here), but I don't want to work 15 hour days, go hiking, go running, go golfing... 

For dinner tonight, all I wanted was a burger. I spoke up about it, planned it out with a few people, and we were down. I left to take a shower and they had ordered sushi while I was gone. I have no car here - can't go get a burger. I dislike sushi, but I'm not a complainer. I've eaten it the last THREE DAYS because it's what two people wanted. Some one offered to take me to grab one, but it was in a very "ugh, I guess if we have to deal with you" way. 

I'm hungry. I'm tired. I feel like my space is being violated. I've never shared a space with this many women before (10 others). I miss my husband. I miss my daughter. 

I'm the only one here married with a child. I don't bitch or complain about missing them, but some one said, "It's probably hardest for you here!" I agreed it was difficult and I missed my family, and my boss scoffed and rolled her eyes. 

I don't know what the fuck to do TwoX. I'm not a crier, but I'm about to rage on people. I'm not complaining - I'm smiling and laughing and being involved, but I just don't have it in me to keep going. 