Hi all. I'm just looking to vent a little and seek some advice. I'll try to keep this somewhat short. 

Me: I'm pretty shy/timid and it's often hard for me to make new friends. 
J: She's very outgoing and talkative with practically anyone. 

I've been friends with J for around 4 years. When we first met she was super super sweet and really supportive. We had a similar sense of humor so we clicked really well and became close. I have other friends but J was someone who I spoke with on a consistent basis, usually daily. Once we got more comfortable with each other, I feel like J's real personality began to show and I learned she had a snarky/bitchy side (I guess everyone does though occasionally, I know I do). 

Anyways, over the course of our friendship J has made a lot of new friends. Maybe she would just get excited to meet someone new, but at times she'd hold newer friends on a pedestal while kinda treating her more long term friends like they're boring. Sometimes I felt like she was trying hard to make me jealous because she'd praise her new friend and go on and on about how wonderful and supportive they are. I felt a little annoyed at times but never really jealousy as I was used to how frequently she met new people. 

After going through a kind of depressive/weird phase that I kept mostly to myself, I felt a surge of confidence recently and began putting myself out there more and talking to people. I met someone new, I'll call her B, who I instantly clicked with and we shared a lot in common. B began introducing me to some of her friends who were equally as great as her. Anyways, J became super jealous even though I never ignored her or changed the amount of time I spend talking to her. Last Friday night B wanted to have a movie night at her place with a few people, she told me that I could bring J along if I wanted to (they don't really know each other but B is familiar with J). I invited J to come and she got totally bitchy with me and kind of shat on the idea. She later sent me a long message saying she was jealous and that she feels like I'm forgetting her and replacing her with someone else. She said she feels like I'm HER bestie and that it makes her feel weird that I'm getting close with someone else. She said she knows it's irrational to feel that way and that I should be allowed to have other friends but that she can't help the way she feels. I was a bit shocked that she said she felt like I'm forgetting her because I still talk to her all the time.

Another surprise too is that J hasn't really had much enthusiasm for our friendship for the past several months. I was having some health problems (nothing serious) and anxiety that made me a bit depressed so I wasn't my usual self but it wasn't like I was a downer either. I've always felt like I've had to entertain J or she gets bored easily. Sometimes it's exhausting. Perhaps I'm a bit annoyed while typing this and I feel it's a bit too one sided, but there ARE still things I like about J and we do have good conversations most of the time. 

In the moment, I reassured J that nothing was changing with our friendship and that I still liked her just as much. Honesty though, I feel really pissed off. I keep feeling like she is not someone who cares about my best interest. Especially since she knows that I've had a rough patch the past few months, this new friendship was something that really perked me up. I feel like any normal person would be happy about that for someone. She KNOWS I barely have any friends, why is she upset about me meeting more people? Especially since she is constantly doing things with people. Does she want me to be friendless and miserable forever? 

Can anyone relate? 