This past weekend a dear friend of mine showed up at my doorstep distraught and in tears. She is a very private girl, but also extremely sensitive, and she opened up to me a lot about her and her boyfriend's relationship. 

The gist of it is that he is very controlling, paranoid and disrespectful of my friend. When he gets angry at her, he yells and accuses her of yelling. He yells over her to make sure she shuts up and cannot get her point across. He will not let her be alone with other people because he is afraid that she will be talking about him. And he has been stealing  her money in various ways from getting her to pay his portion of rent/bills, all meals, and straight up lying to her about needing money for things, but not buying said things.

She spent most of the weekend with me and stayed at my apartment. During this time he (and his mother) called her phone over 100 times. He sent text messages threatening to kill himself, trying to guilt her into coming home. 

Eventually, she did return home, at her own time and pace. 

But when I texted her to check in, I thought the response was really peculiar. I'm afraid that she wasn't the one texting me back and that it was actually her boyfriend. I sent something very vague like "how's it going?" and the response was something like "We are fine. We are resting in bed. We are doing great"

I didn't like that "she" used the we voice, and it seemed strange because she never has in the past.

So how do I check in with her in ways that he cannot intervene?

Please advise.

Thank you r/twoXchromosomes

EDIT: Thank you to everyone who has commented or sent me messages. I really appreciate the advice and it has opened my eyes to the reality of the situation. It has also breaks my heart to hear all of the personal stories the redditors of r/twoXchromosomes have to share, and to think that my friend probably is going through the same thing. I care for my friend like a sister and all I want is to see her happy. It sounds like it will take time though, and that I must be very careful to make sure her bf doesn't become suspicious of me (he probably already is since she chose my apartment to run away to). My plan is to be careful about how I outreach and how often I do so, but to be persistent and not give up on her. I need to be there for her the next time she decides that she's had enough. 