Obligatory apology for the length of the post.



So recently you may remember me asking you all for advice about which path to take with my abortion after finding out that I managed to fall pregnant to my boyfriend despite being on the pill.



A lot of you provided some excellent, sound advice and I would like to thank everyone of you that contributed to the making of my decision.



Now that it is all over and done with, I thought that I would share my own experience as a lot of people were asking for me to update them if I was feeling up to it.



I reside in Australia so this is most relevant to other Australian women but overall the experience should be relatively similar.


So, I had my mind changed from initially wanting to take the pill to having the procedure. I also took the relevant advice on board and had an IUD put in place at the same time which was very easy.



I had my initial visit with a nurse and doctor and during this visit they explained the procedure, the possible complications as well as got me to provide a urine sample to check for chlamydia and something else (came back negative) and a blood sample to see what my blood type was as they have to treat negative patients differently to positive. However, lucky me, ended up with the most common type O+.  I also had a quick ultrasound to confirm gestation, of which I was 8 weeks, was written a script to get my mirena, was given a small pill which I needed to take 3 hours prior to surgery in order to prepare my cervix and had my procedure booked for 0815 Thursday morning.



On my arrival Thursday morning they told me my test results, gave me another quick run down as to how everything was going to go, put a wrist band on me and then ushered me into a large bathroom stall so that I could get changed into a theater gown.  We're coming into some cooler weather here in the more southern parts of Australia where I am and it was lovely that they had left a gown draped over a heater for me to put on. Once I was changed I rang a bell to let the nurse know I was ready.  They gave me a stretcher to lie on which was also lovely and warm before inserting a IV drip and giving me a couple of pain medications. Once all the doctors were ready, I was wheeled into the theater room and had to scoot over onto a different bed where I put my legs in stirrups much like those that they get women in labor to put their legs in.  I said "cya" and "thank you" to everyone in the room and that was the last thing I remember.  The anesthetist was amazing and had me out in less than 2 seconds after that.



The next thing I remember, I was being stirred by nurses in recovery and they said that it was time I got up and went to the lounge area to recover a bit more.  They mad me a cup of tea and gave me a couple of biscuits which I consumed quickly while my boyfriend had his coffee and kept making fun of my state of drowsiness.



My perception of time here was very skewed now so anywhere between 10 and 20 minutes later one of the nurses gave me my clothes back so that I could get changed and I had a final consultation with a doctor before leaving the clinic.



All in all I had a fabulous experience.  If I had to go through with it again I definitely know what I would do.  I know it's not an easy choice to make at all, and while I knew what I had to do, it wasn't emotion-free and I felt a little conflicted at times and cried a little bit the night before.



I do not regret my decision and I am so glad that I had my boyfriend and his wonderful family who supported me 100% throughout the whole ordeal.  The nurse and doctor staff were beyond amazing and incredibly professional throughout the whole process.



Women need to feel far less ashamed of what they decide to do with their own bodies and I would like to thank everyone again for their advice because I couldn't be happier right now and it's great to be feeling somewhat normal again.  



I've barely bled (yet) but post-operative bleeding is just part of the whole process and I've had the odd short-lived but pretty bad cramp (nothing much worse than an average period cramp) but my experience was still much better than I could've ever expected and I wouldn't have changed my decision if I had to do it again.




**TL;DR** Had a fantastic experience with my termination, as far as you can, when having a termination and am very happy with my decision.



Edit: for anyone interested in the cost, for me, in Australia, the procedure was completely free. If I were to have opted for the medication it would've been $50, otherwise about $15 with concession.  My mirena was only $37 as well which is a small price to pay for 5 years worth of birth control.