I was diagnosed with polycystic ovarian syndrome over a year ago.

I went to the doctor because I was having horrific abdominal pain on my right side. The doctor wanted to be absolutely sure it wasn't appendicitis, so to the ER I went. Multiple external and transvaginal ultrasounds later, I learned that I had dozens of cysts on my right ovary, and one of them was over 6 cm in diameter.

After reviewing the ultrasounds, my gynecologist told me that I had PCOS. It hadn't truly manifested itself until just after I quit taking birth control pills. I had heard about PCOS before, but it shook me to hear that I would most likely be having cysts on my ovary for a very long time—unless I tried taking another set of hormones, which I purposely stopped because the cocktail didn't react well with my brain chemistry. Long story short, they made me suicidal, among other problems. Mostly emotional numbness. I have some form of undiagnosed depression or anxiety, or maybe both. I'm not sure. And birth control pills seem to exacerbate it.

I've only recently begun to read into what else this disease causes, and the more I read into it, the more hopeless I feel. The thicker hair growth I have along my arms, eyebrows, belly, and legs; my molasses metabolism and inability to lose weight; the lack of breast tissue, resulting in conical/tuberous breasts. 

Just... all this time, growing up, I thought I had done something wrong, that maybe I hadn't worn the proper bra, and that's why my breasts didn't look like all of the other girls'. I thought it was because I hadn't taken care of myself in some way, that my mother didn't tell me something that every mom is supposed to tell her daughter as she grows up, but it wasn't any of it. It was because of this disease, a hormonal imbalance, and I never developed the way I should have.

I feel so incredibly upset and *cheated* that I was handed this in my slew of genetics. I'm 5'1", 155 lbs. with bad knees and an arthritic spine. I can't run to lose weight, I can't stand up for extended periods of time without my lower back feeling like someone's drilling into it, and I can barely reach things on my tip-toes. I have to take medication to keep my body's hormones under control so it doesn't cause me extreme pain, and I should probably be taking medication to keep my head in check, too, but I just don't have the time or the money to find a psychologist right now.

Others with PCOS or with PCOS and depression—how did you come to terms with what you have? How did you find a pill that worked to control your body without controlling your head? How did birth control pills and depression medication interact?

I'm at a loss. I've tried so many BC bills for this, and I've reacted poorly to all of them. I'm starting to run out of options and out of hope.