Background: Age 23, Mirena IUD inserted last Monday, never had any children

I was previously on Yaz and was having wonky side-effects i.e. depression whenever I would get switched around on generics.

I've read both positive & negative experiences here and elsewhere on the webz and was seriously worried yesterday when I had sharp pains that send keeling over and crying.

The insertion was pretty painful, and I had on and off waves of worse-than-normal menstrual cramps but nothing that set off alarms until yesterday. As per the suggestion of my MD sister there's not much I can do but max dose myself on ibuprofen, unless I wanted to go to the ER and wait for a specialist and the most they'd be able to do is sonogram and then possibly remove it. I'm out-of-state at the moment for work and there aren't any urgent MD places around. I scheduled a call with a specialist today and an appointment tomorrow for a branch of my doc in the area.  

I've checked the strings and was able to feel my cervix that it's still in there because I'm on my period (never realized how low it sits during that time!)  

Has anyone gone through a week of hell with their IUD then have it be fine?  

**UPDATE:** Spoke to an RN and a specialist at my docs. RN was concerned that my sharp pain and nausea didn't sound normal and put me in touch with specialist.   

They both wanted to get me in to see an MD as soon as possible, they said it's possible it perforated during insertion and/or that my body is getting used to the new hormones/going off my old BC.  

Unfortunately I'm traveling for work and the timing is bad, so I'm going to go see someone when I get in. But specialist said if anything gets worse to go to ER. I woke up this morning thinking I felt fine, but sure enough like clockwork if I don't take ibuprofen, the sharp pain from my tailbone up my spine and nausea sets in.  

Specialist agreed there's not much they can do until the physically examine me then possibly ultrasound me. Fingers crossed that I just might need stronger pain meds for a week or so and that everything is fine. Have an appointment tomorrow will let you all know how it goes, thank you again for the support! <3  