So, I'll start this off by saying that the reasoning behind this post is that I was browsing r/foreveralonewomen while thinking about my utter lack of previous experience with men. I'm only 20, so of course I'm still hopeful, but I sometimes use that browsing time as a time to reflect upon things I could have done differently - not negatively, just so that I will remember them in the future.

In this context, I remembered a pair of incidents from my fall of my freshman year of college (about a year and a half ago now) which I experienced and have difficulty interpreting.

I was taking a class on communications in the classroom, trying to determine whether or not I wanted to go into teaching, and the class size was fairly small. Over the course of the semester I made a few in-class acquaintances, one of whom was a guy named John. John was nice, slightly nerdy - which I normally don't mind but in his case it was in a bit of a socially awkward way, and displayed some interest in me. The class was in the mid-mornings, and I usually arrived there early because I didn't have a big enough break between this class and the preceding one to walk back to my dorm and rest. So, basically, what happened was that one day after class, as I was leaving, I ended up walking the same way to the one of the food courts - not one I normally used - for lunch as John. Having gotten to know him a bit, we began to talk, and wound up sitting and eating together. No problems so far.

Now, naturally, after lunch was over, I needed to head back to my dorm room to grab a few things before my next class. Normally, this would be enough of an excuse for the lunch to end and for the two parties to go their separate ways, am I correct? (John and I didn't live in the same dorm at all, his was much closer to this food court than where I lived.) Well, basically, not getting the hint that I needed to leave and move on with my afternoon, John basically followed me almost all the way across campus back to my room. Luckily, my roommate was there that afternoon, and I was basically able to make excuses and eventually he got the hint and left with a bit of awkwardness.

After this incident, I stopped really talking to John so much before class and afterwards would make a point to not linger or chat and then head straight back to my dorm room. In this case, I hadn't mentioned explicitly wanting to hang out or invited him, but being my nervous and sometimes overly-accommodating self I guess I didn't really make it clear that I needed to be alone.

But then it happened again. Only I was smarter this time. It was the week before finals the next time it happened, where John basically ended up following me to lunch after class at that same dining hall that I rarely went to but for some reason ate at one day again. Again, I made excuses about needing to leave to work on something, and walked back towards my dorm. Instead of going back to my room however, I had the sense to go straight to one of the heavily-populated study areas outside of a café in my dorm and begin to work on the project for which I had tried to excuse myself after lunch. John did follow me, and he sat with me at the table as I worked and tried to chitchat, though at one point I finally excused myself and put in headphones, after which he got the hint again and got up to leave. Before he left however, he invited me to a Q-and-A type event about sex and relationships in college, with an undertone of "I'll be there too" in his voice. Of course, I made a polite excuse and did not attend.

After having a year and a half to mentally cringe at the way I handled these situations, was there anything I could have done differently or better? Am I right to think that John was being creepy or at least a little out of line/awkward? How can I be more assertive in conveying my desire to be left in peace and not followed?

Part of my reasoning at the time - especially the first time this happened - was not wanting to come across as mean or bitchy if I outright rejected him/made it clear I wanted to be alone. Nothing like this has happened since then, in part because I am less outgoing in my classes now than I used to be. I didn't feel particularly threatened at the time in either instance because it was daylight out and in a well-populated area, but after a year I am feeling more creeped out/cringeworthy over the whole ordeal. To be clear, I've never run into John in the 3 semesters since, as my campus is a rather large state school. I am also no longer taking any classes in which I would be likely to see him, and on top of that will be out of the country next year. I just want some advice as to whether or not I'm justified in feeling creeped out by this behavior, as well as to what I can do to avoid or better handle situations like these in the future.

Sorry for the wall of text. Thanks for reading and any advice is appreciated!