My mother died when I was 15, quite unexpectedly.  Sunday, we were shopping, and on Friday, we accepted there was no longer a sentient being inside her body, and took her off lifesupport.  in between, she lay in a bed in the ICU with a tube down her throat, so we never really got to "say goodbye".

When you lose your mother as a child, what everyone is concerned with is the remainder of your childhood, and the missed milestones: graduation, wedding, having children of your own, and the like.  But, now that I have been motherless nearly half my life, I realize that those things were not actually the biggest tragedy.  Yes, I wish my mom would've been there to support me through my first finals, and sit in the front row at orchestra concerts, and help me pick a college.  Yes, I missed her when I got married, and wish she could have met my husband.  Now, though, my perspective has helped me realize:  The bigger tragedies are the disconnect from my origins, and the fact I will never really know her.

I feel like I am missing so much context for my childhood, and there is no one to tell me the stories.  I don't know when I took my first steps, or what the circumstances were.  I never thought to ask when she was alive, and my dad doesn't know.  There is a picture of me as a toddler, dressed as a clown, standing full-on to the camera, grinning widely.  In the background, on her knees, is my mother with her forehead in her hands, and a huge exasperated smile on her face.  I want to know more about this picture.  Was it halloween? What had I done to cause her to look like that?  There are so many questions about my own past and my family's that I can no longer get answers to.

I will never know her as a fully-realized person: only as a mother, and through the lens of beatification accorded to the dead.  I want to know her stories, and what she hoped and wished for outside of her role as a wife and mother.  After she died, we found a box on the top shelf of her closet, filled with clippings of pictures and stories of "someday" dreams -- a super-modern house (in contrast to the rambly old house I grew up in), travels to exotic locations, recipes clipped that my father would *never* have eaten.  And looking through the box, I realized that my mother was a stranger to me -- a list of bullet points of likes: Mystery novels, quilting, baking, chocolate, children.  But that is a caricature, not a portrait of a real person.  I want to know about her own teenage years, and the struggles she went through in her life but that will always be a closed book.  In my dad's eyes, she is perfect; they had a perfect marriage.  She was always happy and there were never problems.  I know the reality is more complicated than that, and I wish I could ask her about it.

I did not have my mom to look after me for my few remaining years in the house, and that was sad, but it is over.  I did not have my mom when I graduated, or got married, and that was sad, but those events are over.  But everyday, for the rest of my life, there is an empty space where an adult relationship with her would have been.  From that hole, a thousand unanswered questions fracture like spiderwebs across my life.

Those of you whose mothers are still living, and you have good relationships, appreciate it.  Tomorrow, tell your mom you love her, for those of us that cannot.