Sorry for the long post. I am very conflicted. I am 25 years old, and I have never thought I wanted children of my own, but suddenly this year it's like the mommy hormones finally kicked in, and lots of my friends are pregnant or have had their first kid, and my stupid body is going "babies! Let's make babies!", and my logical brain is like "what is this" …. And now I'm fucking knocked up and really confused about what I really want. 
I had an abortion at 16, and never thought it would happen again unplanned, yet here I am. That experience was heartbreaking and I really don’t want to go through it again. I am not in an ideal place in my life for a child - the father is my ex that I keep hooking up with because the sex is amazing and I do care about him a lot, but he is virtually homeless and jobless right now, due to really bad financial and business management coupled with severely debilitating depression and untreated OCD. In short, not someone I can count on.
I, on the other hand, have a really excellent job that pays very well and I have full benefits, I rent my own home, but I am still getting back on my feet (about $9k in debt not including my car or student loans) after being un or underemployed for two years. I am in a better place than a lot of women in my condition, but I still don’t think I could handle raising a child right now. 
I have thought a lot about adoption, but that brings up a lot of issues for me too. Could I handle that? After nine months and hours of pain in labor and birth, could I really give my amazing creation away, even if I had an open adoption? I was adopted, and I don’t see or talk to my bio mother, even though we did connect a few years ago (it was a closed adoption). Will my baby grow up to not want to see or talk to me? Will it be easier that way or to see him/her grow up with another couple? 
Also, I am so afraid of losing my pre-baby body. And (I know I shouldn’t care) but what will my coworkers and friends think, how will they react? I am atheist now, but I was raised Catholic, so those feelings of guilt are kind of hard wired into my brain. 
I also feel really lonely in this decision. I am not close to my mother so that’s not even an option of telling her until I actually make a decision (and only if it's not abortion). My father and I don’t talk about this kind of stuff lol. I'm not close to most of my blood family anyway, my family is the community of friends I have built around me, but even then, I would feel ashamed to tell most of my friends, even really close ones. The only person I feel totally comfortable talking to is my ex, the father, but he makes it really difficult because he's still completely in love with me. I know he will support whatever decision I choose, but I still wish I felt comfortable with other people to talk about this with. 
I don’t know if I'm really asking for advice or anything. I just feel really confused and conflicted and sad that this happened right now, at a really inconvenient time in my life. I don’t want to have an abortion, but I don’t like the other options any better. Sigh. 
