Hi. I'm writing this semi anon post that I hope just doesn't get too high on the list. I am really stressed right now because of a conversation I had last night with my mom. My mom and I don't talk very much. I live in a city about 3 hours away from her. She lives in a small town. She has been going through a divorce with my dad since last September that I don't really know much about. I could say a lot about the divorce (though I don't know much about the details), but I won't because I want to get to the most distressing part.
In her text messages to me she tells me prety much that she has given up on life. She says the cats are her only reason for living, and that she can't find a place to live with them. It seems obvious that she should give up the cats so she can survive. She works a decent job, but she commutes 40 minutes by car from her house, and it would be difficult for her to lie closer to work (small towns). But she says she has given up. After my dads mother kicks her out of the house she had been letting her stay in, she says she won't even look for a place. she will live in her car and then she is done... It makes me so sad to hear this. She told me that something in the last 3 weeks has made things so difficult she doesn't want to go on living. I asked what and she said "it's not the right time" and that soon I will know. She doesn't have much money and wants to buy me things to help me out all of the time. I'm barely, barely scarping by in the city and taking loans to pay rent while in college.

while in the middle of writing this I had a realization and understanding that the cats are very vvery important to her because her kids have fled. All of us are very distant with her, and the cats are the only things she has. Maybe she's like me and wants to talk to someone but doesn't know where to look. At least I know of the internet where possibly someone will read this (and possibly no one will).

My mom seems close to suicidal, she is definitely close to homelessness. I am going to try to be close with her.

I'm still terrified