Does anybody have any guidance for how to handle domestic abuse between your parents?  I am 26 years old, I don't live at the house anymore, but my younger brother and sister do (edit: they are 23 and 20 years old, not underage, sorry for not clarifying before).  We have heard them arguing for hours on end throughout our lives, so it's something we generally tune out.  However, last night my sister heard my mom yell "stop choking me" and walked in their bedroom with my dad straddling my mom with his hands around my mom's neck.  My sister yelled at them to stop and left the room.  They eventually calmed down, and after a few hours of anxiety attacks, my sister felt comfortable enough to call me and tell me what had happened.  My sister has heard hitting before, and has seen my mom with torn shirts, on other occasions, but this is the first time any of us has been an eye witness to physical abuse.

I immediately got my brother to come home, and the three of us went into their bedroom (me via facetime actually) and saw my mom crying and shaking, sitting next to my dad on the bed, splotches of blood on the sheets and both with a cut or two on their faces.  My brother starts ripping into my dad, while my dad sat there and either downplayed or flat out denied everything.  I threatened to call the police, and to this moment a large part of me still wishes I had.  We eventually got my mom out of the room and she said down with us in another bedroom.  She claims this is the first time he's ever hit her (I don't believe that) and that she had to hit him in defense (I have no idea, she might be an instigator as well).  She spoke like a textbook domestic violence victim - she gave excuses, said it wasn't going to happen again, said we were welcome to call the cops if it happened again but just not tonight, etc. I pressured her and said things like "you're afraid he's going to retaliate, which is even more of a reason to get a police record...in ten years will you THANK ME for not calling the cops..." etc.  And she kept pushing off police involvement.  My hands felt tied. I told my sister afterward that the next time she hears them fighting at this level (not even waiting until one of them threatens violence), to call me immediately and I'm going to call the cops and say that my parents have a record of domestic abuse and they are arguing in such a way that I feel unsafe letting them continue without police involvement.

In addition, my dad is a massive alcoholic (averages 8 drinks a day if I had to guess).  He generally becomes dimwitted and acts like an annoying 5-year old, but doesn't get verbally or physically abusive to any of the kids.  I'm not sure if the alcohol was a major player in this event or if it was just a nudge in that direction.

I have no idea what to do from here, especially because I live 3 hours away.  My mom thinks what happened is serious, but is obviously not at a place where she thinks it's worth it to make any major changes.  My dad has refused alcohol therapy for decades and makes excuses to no end when shit goes down when he's drinking (for example, traisping blood around the house for twenty minutes when he was so drunk he didn't realize he needed stitches after dropping a bowl on his foot, to which my sister had to make him get in the car to go to the walk-in clinic).

Can you force somebody to go to a detox clinic?  He's already seeing a therapist (non-alcohol related) but who knows if he's lying to them - family counseling?  Can you get the state involved to force him to take bigger steps?  How can I get my mom to take this A LOT more seriously instead of just talking with him about it after the fact?  I'm at a loss, but I don't want to let this continue without a fight.

TL;DR: My sister witnessed my alcoholic dad choking my mom last night, my mom was extremely hesitant to get the cops involved, where do I go from here?