I'm just gonna say it, I know a lot of us women are always looking for better ways to remove pubic hair. If you like your bush, that's great! If you don't, well, join the club. 

Waxing hurts. A lot. Even more so the first time, so many don't bother going back (or trying in the first place). I've tried to do it at home. Got half a strip down before I had to stop. I know I should try with a professional, but now that I know the general level of pain it will be, I've been putting it off. 

Shaving sucks. I'm sorry, it does. The pricklies grow back fast, and poke and scratch in places that should not be poked and scratched by such tiny little porcupine spikes. Those of us with sensitive skin reach a problem very quickly here: shaving every day causes raw skin, but shaving every other day allows too much time for those little spikes to grow in and start the torture, not to mention a lot more ingrowns crop up in this time. 

And Nair... Veet.... the masters of horror. We ALL have read the horror stories, or have some of our own. No need to go into deets.

So lately I've been hearing about "BettyBare" hair removal cream. They claim to be the only removal cream gentle enough for use "all over the body", supposedly without "that lingering bad smell". I spent a good few hours checking out reviews, searching on other websites, etc. I only found one review from someone who had a bad reaction. SO I thought, why not, I might as well give it a try. What more do I have to lose? I've already nicked, snipped, ripped, and burned my way through so many failures, what's one more?

Well, I'll tell you this. It went.... better than expected. I test patched it first on a small area at the top of my bush. Followed instructions to the letter. Went fine. Removed a small amount of hair, but it was a less than 1" square patch, so hey. I waited 48 hours and went for (almost) the whole deal. No burning, at all! I swear on my labia, my honor, and my laptop. And I consider my downstairs party a 9 out of 10 on the "unpleasantly sensitive" scale. It also really wasn't all that bad smelling. The sulfur smell is there, but to me it's faint, and it doesn't linger, like it said. 

Now on to the downside... actual hair removal was sub par. Instead of removing the hair from the follicle like you think it's supposed to work, it seems to just weaken the hair at skin level and break it off. Not to mention, *of course* it doesn' remove everything the first time around. It did remove a fair amount though, I'd say about 2/3s the hair is gone. The rest just looks and feels like five o'clock shadow, minus the rawness and razorburn. So there's another plus- again, zero burning. Zero pain. The stubble is a little softer and less dead-set of stabbing everything. 

I plan on trying again after another 48 hours and will update here when I'm done. I think that I should have followed the box's advice and trimmed my bush down, but I didn't and I think it factored in on how much hair got left behind. I also left a landing strip of sorts, out of fear of burning my labia, just in case I did have a bad reaction. I didn't, so I may test patch closer to the actual edge of the hair growth there. I'm hoping that a second pass with this stuff will remove 90% the hair that's left, and I can easily tweeze off the remaining weakened hairs (the ones left currently are not all weakened enough to do this yet). 

The way it's going, I don't know if I would really bother to do this regularly or not. It takes about 20 minutes all in all, including application, wait time, and removal. Kind of a pain for results that are stubbly and patchy, despite the fact that it's so far the least irritating hair removal process I've tried. If it works much better by doing it more regularly, that would be awesome, but if it will always be broken stubble rather than actually removed hair, I don't think it'll be my go-to. I'd end up sticking with just trimming. So far I'm giving it a 3 out of 5. 

If anyone else has tried this stuff, feel free to share your own sort of review here, I'm interested. I couldn't find any other posts on reddit at all, aside from one ad with no comments. 