**EDIT! Important Update** Wow!  Good news, apparently this post was messaged to the fellow in question, and he recognized it as being him.  Turns out, while we were smashed, he was black out drunk. As everyone knows that does not ok what happened, but I also know many of us have been there, where we wake up the next day and are completely appalled at something we've done.  I for one, have thrown up no less than three times on my bf, poor man.  Long story short he apologized very sincerely and has said it will *not* happen again, and took it very seriously.   I'm still kind of reeling that he saw the post, since I had planned on only addressing it *IF* it came up.  Thanks for your support TwoX.

/

/
 

Throwaway, for fairly obvious reasons.  

I very recently moved to a new city with my boyfriend (for work) and neither of us knew anyone here.  We're both quiet, introverted, and are not very social.  But since we moved away from all our friends we decided to explore the very active Reddit scene in our new city.  Last weekend was the third meetup event, and we had a great time doing a pub crawl with people we were becoming friends with. About four bars, six drinks in, my boyfriend and I are well toasted, as is everyone else in the group.  People start to head home.  Five of us are all walking in the same direction to a major street where our cars are parked.  My boyfriend was not ten feet in front of me talking to two of the guys, and I was sort of drunk shuffling (not quite stumbling) behind with the guy who sets up most, if not all of the Reddit meetups.  We had spoken to him at other meetups and he seemed like a friendly sociable person.


 We were speaking pleasantly (slurring?) until lo and behold I feel his hand on my ass.  I know I registered it was there but I was so stunned, and so taken aback that I couldn't for the life of me say a thing.  I don't remember if he was as drunk as I was.  He might have only been buzzed, he might have been wasted, Or maybe he was completely sober.  I know that that doesn't change what he did but I also know that alcohol can make people do *incredibly* stupid things.  His hand stays there moving around for what seemed like 3 blocks. He chatted lightly but his hand keeps going back and fourth on my rear and again, I couldn't muster any words.  I was just in shock.

I have told my boyfriend about it and he's adamant on not meeting up with these people again.  I agreed, but reminded him this really limits us in terms of socializing, since his co workers are almost all settled with families and I have not yet found work/co workers.  I almost want to go to another meetup to call the guy out, and see if I can somehow work past it.   If he were to apologize sincerely I can see us *maybe* going to smaller meetups that are in the daytime, that don't revolve around getting shitfaced.  

What does 2X think?  Should I drop this or confront it?