I posted about a month ago asking for support and advice for a breakup that seemed sudden after a 7 year relationship.  So I suppose this is an update on that situation.

The last month has been horrible.  Between trying to get him to move his stuff out to vacillating between hope that he will come to his senses and grief for a lost love.

Well I find out from a few friends over the weekend that he showed up at a party with his climbing partner.  A girl who I always felt threatened by and who I expressed concern over an inappropriate relationship. The last few months he would go on climbing trips and not contact me claiming there was no cell service. I would express my concern and he would reassure me that they were just partners, that he wished she was a man so I wouldn't worry. That I would never believe that there was nothing going on. He made me feel guilty for ever contemplating the possibility that there was something unsavory happening.

At the party friends told me that they were acting like a couple.  Yesterday I decided I wanted clarity rather than to just wonder. So last night I texted him asking for a straight answer. He didn't reply. This morning I tried again saying that I deserved to know. He replied saying that he started seeing her a week ago.

A seven year relationship that he moves on in two weeks. I offered him everything. I supported him financially, emotionally, physically. I helped him cope with depression. I helped him get through his PhD. I unconditionally loved him through quirks and forgotten birthdays. I have never done a single thing unkind or unthoughtful to him.

I'm not an idiot I know this started before we broke up. He sent her text messages implying that he couldn't wait to to be rid of me. I was just too blind to really see what was happening. I praised myself for being a trusting girlfriend. I let him go on trips and never asked him to stop the relationship with her. He most certainly emotionally cheated on me and while I don't know if he physically cheated it is enough.  

I just can't believe how wrong I was about this person. He has shown me no respect, no care and has proven how little he actually loved me. 

In the end I suppose at least it is a line. I can never be with someone who has that little regard for someone they were with for a huge portion of their lives. Someone who they claimed to love.  And to some degree I suppose they deserve each other because she had a long term, live in boyfriend too that she left to be with him.  

How could my judgement be so off? How could I love someone who was capable of this?