My partner's sister is 13. Lately she's been having a rough time with school, friends and boys. There's also been conflict with her parents. I think some of the issues she's encountering are normal for someone her age but there are some other factors at play. She was adopted and has Fetal Alcohol Syndrome.

She has admitted to "doing stuff" with her last boyfriend but says they stopped short of having sex. Now she has a new boyfriend and recently told me (and her mom) that she doesn't understand the big deal about sex and doesn't see many reasons to wait until she's older.

She and I get along well and I feel she values my POV more than that of her parents because she sees me as more relatable (I'm in my mid twenties). She thinks her parents want her to save sex for marriage because they are religious so she discounts anything they tell her. I've tried talking to her about the consequences of having sex but I don't think any of what we discussed will deter her. We talked about pregnancy but she thinks the biggest negative would be getting kicked out of her house (I don't know how realistic that is). I tried talking to her about the emotional impact (what if they have sex and he decides he doesn't want to see her anymore? Could she handle that?). I don't think she has much foresight and I don't know how well she understands the consequences of her actions. 

She's been bullied at school and is very hurt that other girls call her "slut" behind her back. We talked about how unfair this double standard is (no one says anything negative about the male party) but it doesn't make this any easier for her to deal with. I'm really worried about the possible implications of her having sex (especially her getting hurt and the bullying getting worse). She doesn't have good coping skills as is and I'd hate to see her go through worse. I'm totally at a loss for what else to say to her from a sex-positive point of view (or am I not being sex-positive by thinking she's too young to have sex?). I welcome any ideas/suggestions. 
