Hi 2x this is a throwaway but I have been coming here for some time and could use some support.

I found out yesterday that I am pregnant. A second test today confirmed it. I am 19 and I'm planning on starting school in the fall to begin pre reqs for nursing. I work part time at a clothing store in the mall and I live at home still. My boyfriend is an on again/off again situation and right now we are off, unfortunately. 

I don't know how supportive he will be. I am pretty sure that he will want me to get an abortion... But I really don't want to. I feel really strongly that this is already my child, even though she is so small (for some reason I think she is a girl) but she is still a person and still mine. We made her, and now I'm carrying her, and I could never bring myself to harm her. 

I think my parents will be supportive. I had a rough few years in high school but I'm getting my life back on track, and they want to help me out through that. They know I am sexually active and they are fine with that as long as I'm safe... Which I was, by the way... I was on the nuvaring so I don't really know how this happened. 

Anyway. Just looking for support. I'm a little shocked still and nervous about what comes next. I guess I'm due in January or so? I'm thinking I should still take classes this semester at least. But I don't know what to do next.

I'm also pretty scared of labor and delivery. I'm scared of what will happen to my body. I have seen the criticism women get sometimes from being proud of their bodies after having a baby. Stuff like "that's nasty, cover that up,"  or even something as simple as "I would be so upset if I looked like that, I never want to be pregnant." So I'm sad that my body will not be the same... I know it's superficial.

And I'm scared about doing this as a single parent. I don't want to deal with child support and custody and all that stuff but I guess it is inevitable... And I'm worried I won't finish school now.

Has anyone been through this before that can encourage me? Let me know that it's possible? I love my child already but I'm also scared and even mourning for the future I thought I had. I am sure this new one will be wonderful and challenging and beautiful in it's own way so I'm trying to remember that.

Thanks 2x <3