I've been a member of this comic book club for about 6 years or so, and I love it. Up until now, it's been awesome. But lately, I've been having a problem with this one guy.
D is an extremely talented artist. I've known him for nearly 6 years and have always considered him to be a friend. But he's been bringing extremely graphic work to our meetings, and it's making me uncomfortable. D's latest project was an incredibly graphic "Wonder Woman" parody comic wherein the lead female character was repeatedly raped. He talked at length about the project, referring to it as his "obsession" and claiming that he wanted to "reinvent the Tijuana Bible." He seemed to be fishing for compliments, as he also kept pointing out how "well-researched" his project was. We had three new female members that night, and they haven't been back since; I'm thinking that D's art drove them away. I'm not the only person who felt uncomfortable, but I was the only one to speak up. D was dismissive and said that I was overreacting and that I didn't understand his work. 
I was emailing my friend A, who moved away a few years ago, and she dropped this bombshell on me: prior to moving, she stopped coming to meetings because D made her uncomfortable. He had brought in an "Archie" porn parody about the girls' locker room being a secret peep show (because that's an original idea, sarcasm). A asked another male member, M, to talk to D about his art. M is one of the founding members of the club, and many people consider him to be a leader. M basically told A to talk to D herself. Since she didn't feel comfortable doing that, she just left.
I've talked to M about this, but he's wishy-washy about the whole thing. M claims that he doesn't support D's work and that he's offended by it, but he doesn't want to ban anyone from the group or dictate what people can and cannot bring to meetings. I agree that censorship is a bad thing, but I also think that bringing hateful material (whether it's misogynistic, homophobic, racist, etc) to meetings is inappropriate. M keeps insisting that D has already been "raked across the coals" and that he doesn't need to be "raked across the coals" a second time. I argued that D's behavior has driven people away from the group (on multiple occasions) and that something needs to be done. D is completely unapologetic about the whole thing; his attitude is one of "oh, poor me, no one understands my work, I'm being singled out, etc." In fact, he was baffled that I (and several other women) felt uncomfortable because of his artwork. 
I'm honestly angrier at M here. Whether he intends it or not, he is supporting D by allowing him to bring misogynistic work to the meetings. And the only message that D's artwork conveys (at least, to me) is one of misogyny. 
I don't know what I'm looking for here. I guess I just want to vent a little. I always thought of my comic book club as this little bubble where misogyny didn't exist. There are dozens of talented female creators in the group, and no one has ever discouraged them or pulled the whole "comics are for guys" schtick that's a common part of the comics fandom. But all of a sudden, there's an unapologetic misogynist in the group, and it's upsetting to me. D doesn't come to meetings a lot, but I don't think that we've seen the last of his offensive porn parodies. 
Thanks for listening, or reading. Any advice would be much appreciated.


