I am currently trying to decide between a copper IUD (Paragard) and a hormonal one (Mirena). My doctor told me that the copper option can be less appealing for women who bleed heavily when not on birth control, which I do. But reading here on the side effects of Mirena (bad skin, cysts, intensified PMS) and the fact that it is hormonal has made me less convinced that it is the right option. If anyone could give me some advice from their own experiences and what helped them decide between the copper or hormonal I would be extremely grateful!

**UPDATE:** So after much consideration of the pros and cons on both sides I went ahead and decided on the hormonal Mirena IUD. Basically my choice was made because it seemed that terrible, increased periods and period pain were almost inevitable with the copper IUD. I already had terrible pain for the first day or two, so couldn't bring myself to increase that any more (despite having a pretty high pain tolerance). 

As to the choice so far- I got the Mirena inserted just over a week ago. OMG, it hurt like a bitch. I am usually pretty non-fussed by the ideo of upcoming pain (injections, dentist, tattoos) so wasn't really nervous at all. But once it started- shit... It lasted maybe a few minutes. There was the usual speculum discomfort, but then opening my cervix up- that was weird. It sort of hurt, but was more just unpleasant pressure. I wanted it to end though. That maybe lasted a couple of minutes- disinfecting whatever they were disinfecting felt pretty gross. Then came the real pain. Like 15-4 seconds of brain exploding, white hot pain. Like the worst cramps you could imagine spreading through my lower body. I tried my best not to tense up but it was totally out of my control at that point. When they finished it was the hugest wash of relief through my whole body. But I felt really sick. I thought I might throw up, and then I felt ready to faint (I faint on occasion due to anemia). I asked them to bring me water and just lay down staring at the ceiling for maybe 10 minutes. Then I hobbled out of there. I live in New York so I didn't have to drive anywhere, but I would strongly advise against driving yourself home. I walked the pain off a little and then I actually went a did some shopping, distracted myself from the lingering crampy pain, and rewarded mysel for surviving through it all (probably more convenient an excuse than legitimate). 

Now, a week in I am feeling good about my choice but definitely not feeling 100%. I had se with my partner the next day and that was all fine. Really great actually not to worry about a thing :) And no sign of the string poking anything so that was a relief (he is pretty big so I was worried). 

The only problem so far is that I have had cramps every morning and light bleeding almost every day. The cramps such. They aren't intense, but they make me feel weak. Waiting for the train to work is a bitch, standing and carrying laptop and handbag etc. I am hoping the cramps go away soon. From what I have read online they can last anywhere from a few days to 6 months. I guess I will just have to wait it out. 

But for the time being it is great to be sperm-proof! Hope this helps someone in the future in their decision making process. 


(For a little context on my body type, I am a tall woman (6'2") who is of average weight, who has heavy periods that last between 4 and 6 days usually and come regularly) 
