First off, I just married last year and I wish to have children if possible soon. Also I moved from Germany to the Caribbean last year.
I do have some diseases, like Absence Epilepsy, Asthma, Allergies, Tremors, Hypothyroid and have had Meningitis when i was 5 years old. I do take medication for those, though I don't take anything for my Epilepsy anymore since 3 years.
So I'm already not in a very good shape I'd say, I know that and I'm already trying everything to get better in any possible way I could.

So all this started I guess a few months back, beginning of January I didn't have my period anymore and I was a bit freaked out by it.
The months before that were already weird, as in only spotting and no real period. I do take the pill though and i knew that those things could happen from time to time.
Though, a bit more than 2 months ago I had a sharp pain on my right lower abdomen and it increased over 2 days. 
So I decided to go to a gynecologist right away.
The doctor used ultrasound to check and said the only problem she sees is that the bladder seems always full and I'd need antibiotics for a bladder infection. 
As soon as I took the antibiotics it got very bad, I couldn't even get up anymore from the bed or chair and the pain seemed to increase from day to day. After one week it got tiny bit better for a day or two. 
Then I had my period, which was unbearable and I didn't see much blood, but instead there was a lot of brown stringy stuff coming out. Right after my period it got better again and the whole pain started back with my ovulation, where the brown stuff came back with the sharp dull pain. 

I decided another visit by another gyno would be a good decision. Since the "bladder infection" never felt like one, there was never any burning when I had to pee. All it was, was that I had to pee all the time and whenever I used the bladder every organ around it hurt like a bitch.

So the next gyno checked also with ultrasound, he told me the right Fallopian-Tube was full with tissue, which might be scars and it's very swollen. So he said it's PID and gave me 2 very aggressive antibiotics for 10 days. So it was another 2 weeks of no energy and a lot of pain. Then my period was gonna happen again. I had cramps and pain and nearly fainted sometimes from it. The blood wasn't there again, but even more stringy brown stuff. Right after my period it got much better again, though the pain stayed. Another week of antibiotics followed. Which was my 4th and 5th antibiotics in 2 months now. I didn't help.

Another gyno I went to, said it's only stress and he didn't check on anything. Sooo 4th gyno after 2 month, she checked and said there's absolutely no swelling, not tissues and only 2 cysts on my right ovary. Though, those cysts weren't there just a few weeks ago. And I also couldn't see any empty and normal Fallopian-Tube on the screen like she told me. I felt the swelling and the pain just like the whole time. Both of them said it could be Endometriosis, though they aren't sure at all and it would only be visible if a surgeon used laparoscopy. 

After all this, I decided to go back to Germany in a week or two, to finally have a real result of all this. I can't take this pain, the waiting on a final result and depression I get from this. So my questions here are, does this sound familiar in any way to you? or do you think it's something completley different? What would you do in my position?


***td lr*:  Pain, discomfort, no periods to painful periods with stringy brown stuff for over 2 months. Five different antibiotics and four different gynos. Possible Endometriosis and 2 cysts on my right ovary. No real results and still in pain.**