Hey 2X. I need help.      

I've gone through horrible moments in past relationships, just like I'm sure many of you have. I was lied to countless times, and cheated on twice. It's a very difficult thing to go through, but I've put that behind me and I no longer have feelings of hatred towards the guys who have done that to me.   

Here's where the problem kicks in.   

I'm dating this FANTASTIC guy right now. He's nothing like the other guys I've been with. He respects me and I don't feel embarrassed to tell him things about myself that I would never tell anyone else. I'm in love with him and we're talking about moving in together in August, although I'm at his apartment basically 24/7 now. My problem is that any little hint of ANYTHING that could be taken as a sign that he's cheating on me, I take the wrong way. For example, he just started a new job 2.5 months ago and he often stays late to impress his boss, etc. My mind immediate jumps to "he's cheating on me" even though the rational part of me doesn't think he ever would. He's really close to a girl that he's known since childhood that he talks to sometimes, and although they live in different cities my mind is still suspicious. I want to be clear though; I know he's not cheating on me but I can't help for it to be my immediate reaction when something happens, and it always upsets me. He knows that I have these insecurities and trust issues and he's very supportive, but I know it frustrates him sometimes, and I don't tell him about my worries every time I get them. It's getting to the point where it happened last night, and I told him. He rolled his eyes a little and reassured me that I had nothing to worry about and that he loved me, but that was the first time it really seemed "taxing" to him. Our sex life is usually great, but last night he couldn't get hard and I couldn't get horny either. It's also turning into nightmares for me, and I want it to go away.       

Ladies of 2X, I'm hoping someone out there can help me. I know he's not the same guys I've dated before and that I shouldn't automatically expect the same things from him, but it doesn't help. My mind still jumps to the worst conclusion. Can anyone give me any advice?

TL;DR - My previous relationships have caused me to have rough trust issues and I need advice on how to get over these trust issues so that I can stop hindering my current relationship.