Caveat: if you are watching the HBO show "Silicon Valley" but haven't seen the latest (5/18/14) episode, consider yourself warned that what follows is a spoiler (albeit a very minor one, at least as far as I can tell without knowing what will happen in future episodes).

For those who saw it: this week when the protagonists went to TechCrunch Disrupt SF, we finally encountered the first (as far as I've seen; I'm not counting anyone who may have visually been in the background) woman in any kind of coding or engineering role. Hey, cool! It's an attractive woman, yet one who doesn't seem to be at the conference in a "booth babe" role judging by her attire, and she's a Java programmer. I was really excited to see where they were going with that.

....Aaaaaaand then we find out that she doesn't write her own code, and just flirts with male software engineers to get them to write code and/or fix bugs for her. 

Was anyone else as annoyed by this as I was? It bothered me far more than most instances of sexism I've seen on TV, and here's why: apart from that scene, I find the show to actually be an astonishingly realistic, albeit a bit cartoonish, depiction of Silicon Valley and its startup culture. I know a guy who is exactly like the protagonist. I know a bunch of people who live in "geek houses" just like the ones in which the main characters reside-- and that house even looks exactly like the actual ones do, right down to the era of house and the objects contained therein. Those archetypes of the "we're going to change the world of X via Y gimmicky app!" startups, of illogically egotistical programmers, of comically out-of-touch rich execs or angel investors-- they're all simply exaggerated versions of very real things, which is why they're funny. Yeah, the show has had a few plot points that are implausible to the point of near-impossibility, like Jared's accidental island voyage, but those things seem to be portrayed in a way that is deliberately outlandish. If their plot point regarding the female programmer had been about a woman who codes but then she doesn't really code because she is in fact a hyper-realistic android created by one of the other startups at the conference and sent to infiltrate Pied Piper to gather recon and steal their ideas, then that would be fine, and probably even funny. But all they've done in this case is create a situation that started off rather realistically, but chosen to just turn the female character into an unrealistic sexist stereotype, instead of the cartoonish but still ultimately realistic portrayals of many of the other characters.

I find it a bit unrealistic that they've only shown one woman in an engineering role; I used to work in that very area, and I was far from the only woman. While there's still certainly an immensely disproportionate percentage of male vs female programmers, it's far from a 99.9%/0.1% split. But what I find really unrealistic and offensive is that when the finally did show a female engineer, she was a fraud.

So, thoughts? Reactions? Guesses on where they're going with this? Diatribes about Java class libraries? 