UPDATE: Someone asked for an update. Not much to tell yet, but I am meeting with my parents to discuss the terms of me coming back. As I stated in the comments, they are pretty controlling, and didn't want me to have my car or job so I could focus on God's will for my life. But, if we can come to an understanding between the three of us, it would be a safe place to recover from all this until I am able to get a place of my own. I haven't told my boyfriend I am planning to leave yet, as I want to have a plan in place before I do. I will update again if anyone is interested.


My boyfriend and I have been together for 3 years. During our relationship, he fell into a heavy heroin addiction, and pulled me into it also. We have both gotten help in this area, and it's getting better, but I have other concerns about our relationship. One is sex. I can count on one hand how many times we've had sex in our three year relationship, and for the majority of it we have lived together, so it's not like it was a distance issue. Heroin kinda killed his sex drive, which I can understand, but another thing is he's into something really kinky, and says that the only way he can get off is if I participate in this kink with him. I've given it a try, as I want to feel intimate with him so bad I'd try pretty much everything, but I have a hard time feeling comfortable with it. It doesn't make me feel sexy. When I try to talk to him about it he gets offended, and says it's just a sacrifice I'll have to make if we want a sex life. He'll tell me I'm pretty, but hardly ever initiates sex or any heavy petting. If I'm feeling horny, sometimes he'll get me off, other times (most often), he tells me to just get myself off. It's really frustrating that he doesn't show that he desires me, or that I feel like he's attracted to me. He has no problem watching porn and jacking off. Also, he has been clinically diagnosed as a sociopath. Sometimes he is really sweet, and other times he gets really angry over nothing. The combination of this, and the lack of sex, has me pulling away from him. I still love and care about him, but I don't know if I can deal with this for the rest of my life. But I'm afraid to leave. One night after a fight, I was going to leave, but he tried to kill himself. I literally had to get between him and where the gun is kept to keep him from getting it. He says he has no purpose in life without me, that he can't live without me, and that I am his whole world. I just don't know what to do. 