Hi TwoX,

I don't know what to do. I have been having the worst period of my life for three weeks. I have contacted both Planned Parenthood and my normal doctor's assistant (my actual primary care provider is unavailable for weeks) and they have both given me vague answers. I've started taking the minipill on my period but this period has lasted for two weeks, bringing the total duration of this period to three weeks. I'm an otherwise healthy 24-year-old female, not underweight or overweight. The longest period I ever had prior to this was seven days long. I haven't had spotting since I was sixteen years old. I have never been pregnant.

I started taking the progestin-only pill when I had a slightly long but not terrible period. I'd been bleeding pretty normally for seven days and my period was, I think, coming to an end when I started on the minipill. I was prescribed this pill at Planned Parenthood. I can't take estrogen-only pills because I am prone to severe and frequent migraines. Implants are also advised against because of the migraines. When I asked about possible side effects of this drug, I was only told that "you may see some spotting or breakthrough bleeding for the first three months. It's rarely a problem."

I have been bleeding heavily for the last two weeks. My period has now lasted for 21 days. I am miserable and terrified. I called Planned Parenthood after I had been on my period for ten days because I was already frightened. The woman I spoke to on the phone was dismissive. She again told me that "some spotting may happen in the first three months." I asked how long I should expect to be bleeding. She repeated her previous statement.

I went to my primary care provider's office a week ago, when my period had lasted for fourteen days. My usual doctor isn't available, so I saw a doctor I've never seen before. She was more polite but also gave me no clear answer. I asked at what point should I contact her and/or Planned Parenthood again. I told her (as calmly as I could) that I'm scared and in a lot of pain. She gave me the same answer about "spotting" and "breakthrough bleeding" with no suggestion about when to get back in touch with her.

I'm scared and I feel like I have nowhere to turn for help. I've searched webmd, wikipedia and this sub. The only suggestion I've found is from the NIH (National Institute of Health) that says I should contact my doctor immediately if I have "bleeding that lasts a long time." I think that I was bleeding for "a long time" a week ago - at this point, I'm past thinking that this is "bleeding for a long time" so much as "bleeding for what I think is an intolerable length of time." I want to stop taking this pill even though Planned Parenthood told me to "stick it out for three months if all you see is spotting." I want to stop taking this because I'm miserable and scared. No one I've talked to addresses my fears. I was refused a pelvic exam even though I asked for one at my doctor's office. Has anyone experienced symptoms like this on the minipill? Has anyone stopped birth control abruptly and if so, was it as bad at Planned Parenthood made it sound? If anyone here has medical experience, will I put myself in more danger if I stop this pill right now? 

I'm sorry for posting another birth control question on this sub; I know you see a lot of them. I've read through the latest posts and searched for related cases but haven't been able to find anything. I feel like if I contact my doctors again they will continue to be dismissive and I'm in a lot of pain, frightened and alone. This isn't related to my medical problem, but my SO (the reason I started taking this awful drug) has stopped talking to me. I don't know why he's ignoring me but he did say that he thinks I'm lying about how long this period has lasted. My best guess is that he thinks I'm cheating on him but hiding behind a fake period. I have never cheated on him or anyone else. I hate this pill and what it is doing to my life.

TL;DR - Took minipill at the end of a seven-day period. Was told about "spotting" and "breakthrough bleeding" but never warned about the possibility of a continuous period that lasts for multiple weeks. I am having the worst period of my life and it has now lasted for 21 days. Doctors won't answer me. I'm scared and want to stop.