Lovely ladies I need to get something off my chest and also could use your wisdom, encouragement, knowledge or any other applicable talents. I am 30 and married now just under a year to the man I've been with for nearly 5 years and have been having some serious doubts about our relationship. He's unemotional except for his anger. So, not a lot of happy reactions to things, never sad, but gets very upset at little things like not finding his glasses (might start throwing things, yelling, slamming doors) or he'll get upset with me being emotional. For example, I'll tell him something I'm upset about unrelated to him, and he'll yell at me to stop crying. Obviously this makes it extremely hard to share things with him. A lot of times he just won't respond at all, which isn't any better to me. Anyway, I worry about how I'm going to handle a lifetime of this. He takes it very poorly if I bring it up, and basically thinks he reacts to things just fine. So, anyone else have a similar experience and/or advice?  He's a great provider and takes care of me and of course I do love him or I wouldn't have married him in the first place.  

Now for the more despicable part on my end.  With this all going on I've been working with a man at work who I've become very close to. He's basically the opposite of my husband, and we have much more in common with one another. We've become very close, and while nothing physical has ever happened it wouldn't surprise me if it did, and terrible as it sounds I think I would like that. I've broken all the rules for these sorts of things. We share lots of details of our lives together, we see each other outside of work alone, he's my main champion in helping me with my career, and probably my best friend. We work long hours and spend just about all of it together, so it's all but impossible to separate myself from him unless I were to quit.  So, I feel terrible know that this is a pretty inappropriate relationship and yet being around this other man is incredibly fulfilling.   Any words of wisdom or advice would be much appreciated. A big part of this for me was just getting it off my chest. 

**TLDR** troubles with new husband, inappropriate relationship with male work friend. Worst wife ever. 

Update - thank you all for your responses. It was just the perfect combination of advice/kick in the ass that I needed. Apologies for my delayed rsponses I was out and about all day until about an hour ago. 