OK, I'm a bit nervous posting here cause of the new default and everything I saw, but the last time I posted 4 months ago I got some good comments and pms so I wanted to update everyone/ maybe provide a good story for someone in similar shoes who can't find the strength to stand up for themselves.

About four months ago I posted this... http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/1vvl0p/standing_up_for_myself_trigger_warning/

At that time I was lost at what I could do. I was scared and felt like I was reverting back to the younger girl I used to be who got abused several times and did nothing about it.

So the turning point with these feelings was getting back into school. My new school has been so helpful with picturing my future and helping me get everything set up for trying to get into grad school that I started getting my self confidence back. When the semester was almost over I was ranting to a few classmates over the situation and they gave me some good advice on tasers and pepper sprays to look for.

Unfortunately I haven't been able to find a place to work that will work around my school schedule so it was back to the farm for me this year.   I have been talking to the owner of the farm and she and I thought it was best to not discuss the situation where I called the cops until we could meet face to face. Well due to our schedules that day wasn't until today.

The owner was very nice about everything. She made sure before we talked that we went into her office where it would be private. I explained the situation to her and she immediately felt bad. She informed me that he was at the farm right now in the fields. She then said, "We were already trying to find a replacement for him but we will be speeding the process up and the second we find someone he's gone." She then said he will only be in the fields and at all times be kept so far away from me (kinda like a farm restraining order which I liked). If A so much as comes near me or tries to talk to me unless it's 100% necessary for the farm operations he will be fired immediately. They will be sitting him down and discussing all of this with him before I come back to the farm.

I told her that I will be carrying mace/pepper spray/ or a taser with me just in case since he's not stable and if he does approach me there might not be enough time to warn anyone. She was completely ok with that which makes me feel a lot better about all of that.

All in all I feel like I got my control back on the situation. If he tries to approach me, I know what I need to do and I will not be holding back. He will be fired from the farm which will make things better. It will also be good records for the police for just in case he tries anything. While I couldn't get any protection from him legally yet, my boss has been more than willing to implement her own form of a restraining order of sorts which will keep him away from me and always a field away from where I will be. Also, I will be taking on more responsibility on the farm and might be heading the busiest farmer's market we do this year which means more time and money for me before the next semester begins.

So I just wanted to thank the people who replied to the first post I made and who sent me pms. Everyone here gave me the right amount of support and stories to help keep me on the path I of sticking up for myself and taking control of the situation. I do admit I am still a bit nervous because he is so big compared to me, but I also know that I have a support group behind me that takes away any of the control and overpowering nature he had.