Hello twoX, I need some help with a situation I am probably over-thinking. 

So, I have been living with my best friend for the last 6 years. Although (naturally) she gets on my nerves at times, I love living with her. We have a sweet apartment that we share with our cats (she has one, I have one) and life is overall very good. 

I've been dating my boyfriend for almost six years as well. He is at the point now where he wants us to move in together. He's been very patient with me up to this point, but this is it for him. And I completely understand that. 

I am ready to move in with him. I want to. I know our relationship needs to take this next step. 

My roommate and I have discussed earlier in the year that obviously at some point I am going to move in with him. She was actually the one (I'm pretty sure it was her) who brought it up. Just as a "oh, well I've been trying to mentally prepare myself as I figure you two will end up moving in together at some point."  I told her she's not wrong, and that it's probably going to be sooner rather than later, but that I would still give her ample notice and whatnot. 

So, what I need help with is, how can I "give her my notice" in the nicest, kindest, friendliest way possible?  Like, if your best friend that you've known for 15 years was to tell you that she is no longer going to be your roommate, how would you want to be told? What scenario or setting is best? What exactly should I say? I know this isn't going to be totally out-of-the-blue for her, but it's still kind of news. 

I'm not sure why I'm so worried about this. She is a kind and rational person. And she has stated that she will likely stay in our apartment even after I move out, so I know she doesn't need to worry about finding another place to live. I just...I don't know why I'm so afraid of telling her. And I don't know how I can deliver the news in the best possible way. 

I realise that this seems like a way bigger deal in my head than to anyone reading this, but please help me.  How can I approach this topic with her in the best way? What do I say? Should I bring a bottle of her favourite wine or something when I do it? Do I try to make jokes to make it less awkward (for me)?  How would you want to be told? 

Halp! 