I was seeing someone for a few months. We were on and off for two weeks or so, but decided to leave for good this weekend. I thought I was breaking up because I have anxiety and trust issues, but a lot of what I was feeling was caused by him. I had good friends to tell me, "hey, this guy is treating you like garbage." When he found out I spoke to my friends he told me that at least he knows how to deal with issues on his own, unlike me.


He lied to me but still denies it, ignored me for days, turned everything around on me, called me emotional, obnoxious, and intense whenever I tried to talk to him about how he made me feel. His excuse for ignoring me was that it was easier than trying to talk to me.


Before this ended (which was Saturday) I hadn't seen him for a little over a month. Granted we live somewhat far and stuff kept coming up on his end. I believed him, but then he started to ignore me. I got fed up, but I gave him chances and was supposed to see him Saturday. All last week he spent time telling me how we'll see each other more, he'll communicate better, he likes our connection... then all day Saturday he ignored me. Only to EMAIL me Sunday saying his phone was off, and he knows I'm super angry and if I was free I should go see him. Like, if that is true why wait until the next day? To which he said I need to rely on myself more. 


I met him on OKCupid. When we became exclusive I asked that we disable our accounts. He lied to me when he said he disabled his account. He disabled it and reactivated it a few times. He blamed it on tech issues, and I tried to believe him but it really got to me. I would always worry, and he knew this. He knew it was eating at me, and he said he wishes it didn't because he wants to focus on us. I found out he was lying, and it wasn't a tech issues. But he went on with this lie for over a month, right to my face, and even in the end he didn't admit it. It came down to my trust issues.


I keep thinking about things he has said. For example, one weekend after he ignored me I tried talking to him through text. He was talking a bit, but once I asked what happened that weekend he got angry and said "don't you have a job to attend to."


I know I do have trust issues with men, and he knows this (and about my past with abuse) so it was easy enough for him to tell me that's what it is. And it was apparently easy enough for me to believe.
I fell for him hard, and I really liked him so I didn't want "my issues" to ruin it. Now I can see I was putting in all the effort for someone who treated me poorly. And I'm mad at myself for it, but I want to try to be kind with myself too.


Obviously you all are only getting bits and pieces. But the way he talked to me, treated me... it was shitty. A friend called it gaslighting, which I've experienced. And I've been in an abusive relationship before, and worked at a DV org. Gaslighting and abuse are huge words to throw out there, but the more I think about what he said to me the more it feels accurate.


So I told him I'm not going to be treated this way. That I find him manipulative or at the very least a huge jerk. He didn't care about my anxiety and depression, and made it worse and sometimes it seems like it was purposeful.


He sent me pictures and said I "should consider seeing him" because he didn't "set out to lose a good connection".


It hurts a lot to be honest. I really liked him, and wanted to build something with him. And he made me happier than any guy has in a long time. Things started out amazingly with him. Texted me every morning, asked me about my day and about my life...


I know it wasn't my fault, but I feel like shit. I wonder if he ever cared, if I wasn't good enough, but I have to cut that out. I hate how easily my mind goes to blaming myself.


I honestly have felt crazy for the past month or so. I use the term crazy purposefully because I don't know how else to describe it. Being ignored, and then having things turned around on you constantly. I feel so warn out, and I am getting better but it hurts. I feel heartbroken.
