Original post is here:  http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/2350gk/wanted_to_share_my_30f_experience_with_getting_an/


TL;DR:  Got an IUD, it hurt in a way I couldn't have imagined.  Still cramping, but would do again.

Here are my stats if you don't want to read the original post.  I am 30, female of course, never had children, in a committed relationship (we're planning to marry).


So.  First, I had to misoprostol 8 hours before the procedure.  It's the generic for cytotec which is used off label to induce labor.  Within an hour I was having moderately painful cramps.  It wasn't bad enough to keep me from work, however, and I did not take any ibuprofen  However, I experienced the unpleasant side affect of diarrhea, which came on VERY suddenly.  


My appointment was at 2:30.  I knew it was going to hurt and the doctor recommended I take some ibuprofen before the appointment.  I have some left over darvocet so I decided to take one of those at 2 as well as 4 ibuprofen  Now I'm obviously not a medical professional.  I don't even know if this is a dangerous combination but I did it.


I got to the appointment and the room was already set up with all the tools.  They had me undress from the waist down.  They asked if I had anymore questions before we got started.  I didn't.  I did tell the doctor I was scared.  She said everyone is scared, even she was, because you don't know what to expect.  My doctor was very reassuring so that was really helpful.  She explained everything she was doing throughout the whole thing.  I got in the stirrups per usual but she had me splay my legs out.  Normally at a gyno appointment my knees are pointing up.  This time she had me point my knees to either side so I was completely wide open.


Usually at a gyno appointment, I don't really experience any discomfort.  Speculum doesn't hurt, getting the cervix cells sample doesn't hurt either.  


First she checked my uterus by having one hand in and one hand out and pushing her hands together.  Then came the speculum.  This actually caused some discomfort because she opened it pretty much as wide as possible.  I felt a lot of pressure and ...like, a stretching feeling.  Then she cleaned the cervix.  She did a couple quick swipes 3 different times with whatever it was she used.  It didn't hurt, just a little pressure.  However, she noticed that I had a polyp on my cervix so she cut it off.  This didn't hurt either.  I hardly noticed it was happening.  That will be sent out and tested.  She told me a lot of women bleed after sex because they have a polyp that is getting hit but don't know it.  (I was experiencing this so it explains a lot!)  This was kind of the only awkward moment because she called in her nurse to bring in a container for the polyp.  So there I am...as wide open as I could possibly be and this other girl is hanging out down there.  I was prepared for one person to be up in my biz but 2 was kind of disconcerting.


So first - she had to measure my uterus.  I don't exactly know what all this entails but something goes up in my cervix...and it hurt.  At that point I knew the actual insertion was going to be worse because the IUD was bound to bigger.  It hurt.  A. Lot. It was like these intense pinching cramps, like everything just seized up.  This was pretty quick though so the pain was over relatively quickly.


Next came the actual insertion.  Nothing could have prepared me for this.  I was mentally prepared to experience pain.  But this wasn't like any pain I've ever felt.  It didn't hurt in the way you think of something being painful - like a shot or a punch in the arm or something.  This experience taught me that there aren't really pain receptors in the cervix and uterus. 


She started the insertion and IMMEDIATELY my body seized up and i was making uncomfortable noises.  My arm went over my head and I started holding my breathe.  Again, it wasn't "pain" but more of a sharp, pinching, worst cramps you're ever going to have outside of childbirth type pain.  But it's a constant tight cramp if that makes any sense.  The insertion was longer than the uterus measuring.  I couldn't tell you how long really because it felt like time stood still.  I was really wishing my boyfriend was there to hold my hand at that point - I don't even care if it sounds stupid.  She trimmed the strings during this part and then it was done.


She asked if I wanted to sit but I said I couldn't because I was light headed.  At this point the doctor said to me that she actually almost passed out during her insertion but doesn't tell people that.  Even so, she would do it again and again.  After about 5 more minutes I was able to sit up.  I got dressed, put my panty liner in (was on my  period as requested and though it was light, I expected some bleeding from the insertion), and left.  


I really wish I would have had someone to drive me home.  It hurt. again, just a giant terrible cramp.  It hurt significantly enough that I thought I was going to vomit.  I felt like this for a few hours.  Every bump, even  my pants were hurting me because they were constricting my lower stomach.  I actually checked my seat belt because I though it was on my stomach really tight but it wasn't.  I got home, put on my biggest pair of sweatpants (actually my boyfriend's pants), got my heating pad, curled up in bed and put Mad Men on Netflix.  The heating pad was AWESOME.  It's helped a ton.

As for bleeding...panty liners weren't enough.  I bled through and onto my pants. Now it wasn't like I was gushing blood, it was just more than a panty liner could handle which I really should have thought of.  And it wasn't clumpy and mucous-y period blood either.  I'm pretty sure it was 95% blood caused by the insertion.  It was pretty watery which I'm sure contributed to the messiness.


Today I put in a tampon - which was terrifying - but it was good.  I'm still crampy all the time.  Ibuprofen helps but I still feel it.  I can tell immediately when the ibuprofen wears off because it starts hurting and I also start experiencing lower back pain.  With the ibuprofen it just feels like light period cramps.  Pants still hurt.  I went in to work today for a few hours and was really uncomfortable because of the jeans in my stomach while sitting up.  Ultimately, it's 90% better than it was yesterday.  I've already decided I would do it again - just not next week or anything :)


Tomorrow is my friend's wedding shower and I'm a bridesmaid.  I prepared them for the idea that I may not go but I'm going to be there---wearing a maxi skirt lol.  A lot of moving around makes it more uncomfortable.  I'm also not looking forward to having it come out but even now just the knowledge that I'm better protected from pregnancy than if I got my tubes tied is beyond comforting.  Mine will be in for about 2 years before we remove it to try for kids - Still worth it.  Now is not the time for us. I'm not sure how long the cramping will last or when I'll be ready for sex but I figure that we'll be doing it again by next week ;)


So yes...it sucks.  but being in pain for a day and then some mild pain for a few more days is worth it to me.  I hope I didn't scare anyone off but I wanted to be as honest as possible.  Also - I've decided I want the epidural during childbirth and that my boyfriend will be in attendance at all future IUD appointments.  

UPDATE: It's now the second day after the insertion and I'm not experiencing any pain or cramps anymore. I'm having just slight bleeding..but its more like spotting mixed in with the other stuff that normally leaks out.  Dr. said I could be spotting for 12 weeks so I'm prepared for it.

UPDATE: I was feeling around for the strings and could only feel one. Also...it's really long...as in nearly to the edge of my vagina long. I talked to my Dr.'s nurse. She said the strings are pretty thin but what I'm feeling is thicker. She advised it sounds like they are just stuck together. I'm not feeling any abnormal pain so she thinks the strings were left that long on purpose (Dr. told me she cut them long but that seemed too long). I can't feel anything protruding from my cervix so she doesn't think it's being rejected and I'm not in any pain. I'm still nervous about it being properly placed so I'm going to continue to use condoms until my follow up appointment in 6 weeks.