Two years ago, on May 12th, 2012, I was raped. My attacker was someone I had known for a long time. At that time, I was only 17 and naive. I trusted him into my home. It is difficult for me to share my experience, not only because of how traumatic it has been, but because I still struggle with accepting that it was not my fault. I hope that sharing on here can help me find my own justice, even if it is small.

[trigger warning]

I had a giant crush on this guy for the longest time. He was the quintessential bad boy, right down to the taste of cigarettes on his breath. He had all the friends. I was a sheltered girl from an overly-religious family, stuck inside her books and obsessed with being on the debate team. He easily pulled me in, his qualities were the exact opposite of mine, and I wanted to explore that difference. It was never an emotional thing, I knew that but ignored all the tell-tale signs. At first, it was just making out. Eventually it led to bruises all over my legs and arms. That wasn't enough to pull me away. On that night, my parents weren't home. As a teenager, that felt like the perfect time to just make out and have some alone time, since there were always parents around. I never wanted to have sex, but there's always that lingering thought that maybe I led him on or gave him some signal by allowing him in. While in my home, it took no time before I was underneath him and in shock. I had absolutely no idea how to stop what was happening. I told him no. My hands beat his chest and I tried to get out of his hold. I couldn't. I laid there, just trying to be strong. He finished and there was blood all over my legs and on my white sheets. He laid down next to me. I will always remember what he said to me, "Are you going to cry?" I still cannot believe that those were the last words that came out of his mouth. He stood over me watching as a cleaned my bloody sheets. I told him to go and he left. 

My body was in so much shock. I would wake up in cold sweat, night after night. I could not tell anyone. I did not tell anyone. My period didn't come for two months following that trauma. I was so scared that I was pregnant, but with no support, I continued on as if nothing happened. After my period came and I knew I wasn't pregnant, my mind completely erased the events that happened that night for a full year. 

It took an experience with MDMA a year later for everything to come out. It was during prom weekend and I was around a lot of his friends. I told everyone, but no one believed me. I remember crying and hyperventilating and that became the turning point for me. Admitting to myself that I was raped. Letting it come out of my mouth, even if it meant losing a lot of the people whom I considered my friends. Since then, I've gone through a lot. I suffer from panic attacks and a constant feeling of worthlessness. I go through periods of suicidal thoughts. Sometimes, it felt easier to have erased it from my mind. But I can't erase what happened to me.

I'm starting to feel like the only way I can heal myself is by bringing justice to myself, and to any other woman he has done or will do this to. I found out that he forced another girl to have sex, the way he did with me, and I'm afraid that this has started a trend. A violent one. 

So, I come to TwoXChromosomes to ask: What should I do? I have no evidence to prove that he raped me, but I have an overriding sense that I need to have justice; that he needs to learn his lesson and that he cannot get away. I missed an opportunity to put him to justice, but I don't want to live my life knowing that I never did anything to stop him. Please help me. 
