Hi 2x. 

I need help. Badly. 

I'm so exhausted of being treated badly for my body. I can't even wear a skirt or dress because of fear another guy will grope me. 

Let me explain, 
I'm 21 and mixed Native American/German. My body is fit but curvy. I have been called a slimmed down Kim Kardashian? Which confuses me because she does not even have extra weight. My face is different but not exotic.

Anyway, I have been offered for modeling and to work at hooters. I turned it all down because I don't want to be considered "slutty" by peers or ruin a possible work relationship I will have in the future. I have been hired based on my looks, really. 

I worked at a sub place, and when we got a new manager I was told by the manager, that the old one had already checked "Accepted" on the interview forum as soon as I walked in. Just so they could have something easy to look at. WTF. I'm a hard work! I worked 10-10 shifts 6 days a week to make rent and go to school. I quit after managers were hitting on me, spreading rumors, and some coworkers were urging me to report it.

I had a guy on my 17th birthday put his phone under my skirt when I was standing, waiting to be seated at a restaurant. No one said anything to him, but everyone saw! I was so embarrassed. My mom said it was because I was wearing heels and a tight skirt. But it went maybe 3 inches above my knee.

I have been groped on the street wearing jeans and a t-shirt. I told my dad and he said "some men can't help themselves, it's the way your body is shaped and looks combined." He then proceeded to tell me that I should wear baggy clothes and sweat pants. 

During my 21st, I thought I was with some good friends. My boyfriend broke up with me because he said I was having fun and he wasn't. He thought I was having fun to spite him since he was in a bad mood and sulked. I was drunk for the first time, and I cried. So my "friends" took me to their place, I crash on the couch and their roommate (both high and drunk) kept waking me up and trying to touch me up my dress. I kept telling him no, and tried to move his hand SEVERAL times. I had the courage to wear a dress for the first time in 3 years because my ex swore he would protect me. 

I hate going to gyms, so I exercise at home but it's not a good enough work out. I use to go to a gym but I had guys follow me out into the parking lot a few times, or pull their cars in front of me to get me to talk to them. I was wearing spandex capris and shorts over them with a tight fitting t shirt. I want to see my muscles move with what ever work out I do. Eventually I stopped going.

I don't like being touched at parties. I hate everything about me now. I hate my breast, my "onion" butt. My blue eyes. My dark hair. My slim waist. I had looked at one point to plastic surgery for reductions so I can have no curves and wear a skirt again. If something happens to me again my dad can't blame it on my body, people can't say it was because I was showing off. 

I also plan on selling all my pretty dresses/skirts. I use to love makeup, but I'm so afraid of wearing it because I don't want to give anyone the wrong idea. I'm planning to sell my skinny jeans to get sweatpants. I want my body to be my own. I'm ashamed of me.