
Alright Reddit, since I've got new found insomnia sleeping in a different country than my own this past week and also recently falling in love with this subreddit...I've decided to share a story of street harassment of my own.

The setting: one of the biggest cities on the east coast

Late night after work, I quickly walk my dog before bed. At this point in my life I was living on the fringe of an up and coming neighborhood...needless to say, an early twenty something female should be massively aware of her environment if walking alone.

My 70 lbs mutt had just done his business at a small green square off of a main city street. Deciding he needed a bit more walking time before I took him back inside, i headed over to the main avenue since it was better lit. Standing at the corner of  a busy gas station, I had my dog sit and wait patiently for the light to change even though hardly a soul was driving at the moment.

Then, a car suddenly appears speeding to catch the light...or so I thought. The light is still green yet the car immediately stops at the crosswalk at my feet while approaching the intersection. Finding this odd since they have the green light, I look over at the car (a few feet in front of me) to see why this person has stopped (in my mind, for no apparent reason).

With the passenger side door literally right in front of me, I notice the window is down. Thinking the man inside was going to inquire for directions, I look at him to then realize he is locked in a creepy stare directly at me, furiously masturbating. Upon realizing the grotesque nature of why the fuck he was halting his car - I quickly unload a barrage of expletives at him. And without even thinking, throw the bag of shit directly at him, through his open passenger window. And no, it as not tied off yet.

The look on this face was priceless. So much shock, he drove away. Very, very fast. Completely shoo ken up, yet strangely proud of throwing dog feces at a complete stranger was certainly a mixed bag of emotions. But ever since then, I have never let street harassment bring me down, and actually severely enjoy making men deeply regret their ridiculous and insulting actions.I used to walk around with a chip on my shoulder in the city, hoping my bitch face would mark me unapproachable. Until this happened.

TL/DR: I threw dog shit at some fucking stranger exposing himself to me and have strangely gained massive street confidence since. Stand up for yerself, and if you can, hold onto that bag of dog shit until you get to your destination.

EDIT: Whoa! Thank you kind stranger for the gold, was certainly not expecting that as a super reddit newb. You guyyyyys :)

EDIT 2 (since I'm not as angry anymore this can go down here):
You all have been an awesome and supportive group of people (both male and female) and I have been inspired by all of the positive reactions. Do me a solid? get this dude /u/EugeneBYMCMB off the sub and out of sight ? his insults bore me - shall I post his PM for public shaming?  sure :) 
"Hey (:
from EugeneBYMCMB sent 2 hours ago
In both Baltimore, MD and Waldorf, MD, this is a crime. You are very luky that I am not reaching out to the authorities, you fucking ugly dyke."

Man..do I love watching trolls be trolls. Anyways, read on below for the story!