Full disclosure: I have been in an abusive relationship before. I can recognize the signs of abuse and I understand that those people need help. I got 0 help. I eventually got out of it because I reconnected with old friends, but all the people who knew me, including my family, didn't say anything to me. I look back on that time and I still feel angry that none of my friends, family or even teachers (I was in HS) said anything or did anything to make my naive young self see what was happening.

I have a good friend, she has been my friend for almost 8 years. We have been through a lot together in that time and I consider her my family. Shes a bit of a late bloomer and wasn't ever interested in relationships until the end of college. When she did start dating, she didn't make very good choices. The guy she dated for a while was probably worse than the current SO. He called her names, told her who to hang out with, who not to talk to, made her feel guilty for doing things, yelled at her in front of people for no real reason, put her down in front of others, basically he was just a POS. I got fed up with it and as I was friends with them both, I cut my ties with him and explained to him why. I wasn't nice about it and I pretty much told him I thought he was an asshole and was ruining her life. Well, no surprise to me but she took his side and told me that I was wrong for yelling at him and she cut ties with my for a little while. Eventually they fought and ended things and she came back to apologize to me and I understood and forgave her. Fast forward 2 years and I feel myself in a similar situation with her. Every time I talk to her, she tells me horrible things that her current SO is doing to her: Manipulating her, showing aggression, threatening suicide if he doesn't get his way, calling her a bitch/whore/cunt/slut, accusing her of cheating, telling her who she can and can't hang out with. She will bring up several times in a conversation how she is "ugly and fat" and "deserves to be called names sometimes." She defends him by saying she deserves it, or that "he was having a bad day." I really don't know what to do. I, and some of our other friends, feel like we need to say something to her, but when we do she just gets mad and won't talk to us. I don't really want to confront her boyfriend because ... I've known him for a long time and I know saying anything to him is just as bad as saying anything to her. I don't want to, but I am almost ready to cut ties with her because I can't take hearing about it anymore and her getting mad at me!

What the hell do I do?   