I thought we had gotten better. Two weeks ago a friend of your sister's told you they had seen me at a nightclub and you berated me for two hours straight because you thought I was out to fuck guys. I never went out, it was just your shitty sister's fabricated story. Why do you believe her? You know she's a horrid human being who doesn't like you. And I'm your gf of 3 years. Then you said "I believed you all along, I knew my sister was lying. I just wanted to be sure". What a shitty fucking excuse.

And today? Today I had to go to group therapy at 6. You messaged me you loved me at 5PM. Then at 5:30 you messaged me again saying I don't care about you and that I'm cheating. You know I abhor cheating and haven't as much as looked at another guy since three years ago when we started dating. This continued for more than half an hour, while I just cried and screamed in front of a fucking PC because I cannot understand your train of thought. And I cut myself even though I haven't done so in months. And our daughter and my mom were worried, and I got late to therapy. And you said you loved me and everything's alright, but you're scared of losing me since you think I'm not "completely [yours]". Because I brought up the topic of swinging when we're older - a topic you've brought up several times before.

And now? Now you're just bringing up topics to fight with me. Like saying, out of nowhere, that I don't take care of our daughter - when I'm with her almost all the time. I say almost, because you get angry if I'm not Facebooking with you, even though I have a baby to take care of. I cannot be online all the time you're on and sometimes I may take more than one or two minutes to answer your messages.

And now you say that when she turned one last year, I had to leave her birthday party at your house early because I had therapy, and all your family kept commenting on how stupid it was. And you type in all caps, because that somehow gets your point across better, right?

Now I block you, I just want to go to sleep. I'm tired of you. And so you log into your father's Facebook account to ask me if we're over. And when I don't answer you text me.

I want it to be over. I don't want this anymore. You're making me miserable, you've been making me miserable for quite a while, but I always go back. You change for a bit and everything's alright. You blame me for every time we fight, somehow it's all my fault - but I really don't believe you. I know it's not my fault, but you never listen.

Now you're telling me to decide if we're over or not. I say that I don't know, but you say it's one or the other, and then insult me.

We both know tomorrow everything will be the same. I'll never leave you. We have a child together and I'm just not that strong. Tomorrow, or hell maybe even today, everything will be forgotten.

**Edit: I really don't know why I'm getting downvoted. I just wanted to vent, and maybe some advice from more experienced women here. I've seen many posts about women wanting to get out of abusive relationships and thought maybe some of you would be able to help, but instead I'm just getting downvoted and probably my post will never get seen by anyone. I'm sure most of you think my issues are stupid, and it's easy to get out of the relationship, but it's not, at least not for me. He was/is my first boyfriend, we've been together since we were 16. I've wanted to leave him before when he used to hit me and I even pressed charges but I went back because I thought he had changed. I'm scared and I don't have any friends I can confide in. I'm scared he'll think I'm cheating and do something to me, because he has half-joked that he'd beat me up or kill me if I cheated on him before. He hasn't been violent for a little more than a year but I'm very scared nonetheless.**