I met a great group of people earlier this year and while I do think they're awesome, I just don't feel like I fit in or am really part of the group most of the time. It's not a super obvious thing, but little signs pop up every now and then. For example, invites don't always come to me, or they don't keep me updated on plans when they say they will. For the latter, I do check in, but I don't want to have to do that all the time. It's like I'm not really part of their inner circle and just on the fringes so I'm often forgotten. (BTW, I do initiate myself too, and generally get a positive response, but I still notice the things above/below). 

The group is fairly big, but when I'm with certain people, I definitely feel disconnected. They're all nice and everything, but like I said, there are subtle signs. When we walk together, you'll often notice that some of them try to stay together and I'm left on my own walking behind or they specifically speed up to stay with the another person or group versus stay with me. Or one person will go around the group and ask everyone the same question, but will skip me, so it's almost like they don't make a lot of effort to really talk to me or get to know me. These things have happened several times so I'm pretty sure I'm not paranoid.  

It seems like everyone is super outgoing and have all these wild and crazy or fun stories to tell. I feel like they just think I'm a boring person because I never contribute any stories (unfortunately, I don't really have any). My life has been rather boring, particularly compared to them. I haven't traveled as extensively or gone on as many adventures. I just don't feel like I measure up. And while I do enjoy hanging out with them... the little things just remind me how much of an outsider I am. I almost feel like the unpopular kid trying to fit in with the cool group... it's not a good feeling. =/

This is hard because I feel like all I've been doing for the past 3 years is trying to find people I get along with well. The few friends that I've been able to get close with have since moved away and I'm just tired of always having to start over I guess. I had such high hopes for this group, but at the same time I really don't think it's panning out. I don't think our personalities mesh all that well and yeah, I maybe overly thinking things or super self conscious but like I said, the little things I'm noticing are adding up. And that's fine... I mean, you can't get along well with everyone, but it still sucks.

Anyways, I just wanted to vent because I feel like I've done everything I can to try and improve my social life but I always end up at the same place. Things I've tried: organizing and attending meetups, reddit meetups, reddit, picking up new hobbies, etc. 

I'm starting to feel like I'm just destined to be a loner... =( Or all my relationships are just going to be shallow and/or activity based, but I really need/want more than that. 