My SO and I are having a baby in September. We're not sure if we want his mom to be inviting to the baby shower that my mom is hosting. 

Reasons to not invite her: 

1. She's been psychologically abusive to her spouse and my boyfriend for his whole life. Example: Giving away stuff my boyfriend had bought himself and his clothes. Telling him how shitty he is daily. Demanding he pay rent when he was 16. She tells everyone that her husband is her meal ticket, but he doesn't care. She's also been arrested twice for domestic abuse against her husband. Punched him and went at him with a knife. One time she thought my SO turned the air conditioner down, so she punched him in the chest and screamed at him. 

2. She's had multiple outbursts directed towards me. Example: When we announced that we were getting an apartment together, she cried and screamed at me that I was a bitch who was stealing her son. Wouldn't let him get his clothes or anything out of his room. 

3. She usually has outbursts at family gatherings. Actually, I cant think of a family gathering where she hasnt had an outburst. Example: For easter we went to eat at grandma's house. My SO's brother, billy, called and asked if we were eating yet. Grandma mentioned that his mom was there (billy doesnt have contact with his mom.) Billy said he cant come then because in his custody papers it says his kid isnt allowed near Billy's mom. Something Billy's ex did when Billy's mom got arrested. SO's mom freaks out, starts cussing at grandma and her husband, and starts walking home. 

4. In social situations she makes everyone uncomfortable and says/does inappropriate things. She makes sex jokes all the time. Today she met my dad for the first time and said "she's having OUR grandbaby. Thats what I tell everyone. We're the grandparents." At her dad's funeral, she was extremely loud the whole time. In the middle of the service she'd say something like "oooh look how pretty the wreath is!" When she met my younger sister (who was 13 at the time) she was trying to convince her she doesnt do drugs the whole time she was talking to her, and kept rubbing her head and shoulders even though my sister was noticeablly uncomfortable. This is not really that big of a deal to me, but it does contribute to the fact that I don't want her at my baby shower. If this were the only reason I didn't want her there I would invite her anyway. 

5. She has issues with nearly everyone in her family, and I want to invite our grandma and Billy and his girlfriend without there being an episode of family drama at my babyshower. I could call the police and have her escorted out of the babyshower, but to me that would ruin the day and also make other guests uncomfortable. 

The only reason my SO still talks to her is to see his dad. He said if his dad didnt live there he'd never go see his mom again. She definitely has mental issues (which she's getting help for. She's had to go to therapy since she got arrested and committed into the psych ward), and I feel bad for her. I can deal with the fact that she's blown up at me multiple times, and though she acts like my best friend sometimes I'm not sure how she really feels about me. But at the same time I don't want any issues at my babyshower. 
