Hey. Just want to vent in a safe space. 

The long and short of it: I spent a great year and a half with M, who I considered to be the love of my life. We met here in the US because I was taking Dutch lessons from him for my upcoming move to the Netherlands and, well, the rest is history. We were inseparable for the first 11 months and it was the happiest relationship of my life, but 5 months ago he moved back home to the Netherlands and we had to finish out the days until the end of summer (when I officially move--something like 85 days from now) doing the distance thing. He became less responsive and things got strained. We went from being completely 100% committed and one the same wavelength, happy, in love and solidly looking towards marriage to... none of those things. Lots of confusion, hurt feelings and just... general "out of sight, out of mind" stuff. He has severe ADHD so he can't concentrate long and I'd always been mindful of that, trying to keep our Skype dates short. In person it's no problem but online it's a whole other kettle of fish. He has anxiety issues and doesn't like to be alone--so, while we were together here in the US he was never really alone, but once he moved back home to the NL it hit him that I was no longer there and he was anxious about being alone. This means he started going out a lot again (and late) with our mutual friends and spending less time at home or even checking in with me. One day he'd say he loves me, wants to marry me and that he'll wait and the next there was radio silence. It was incredibly hurtful to me.

Two weeks ago he just disappeared. He said he would call me on May 8th; I hadn't heard from him all day so I called him. Went to voicemail something like 5 or 6 times. And the next day, and the next. Until I saw him being tagged all over facebook at his soccer competitions and posting about them. I'm absolutely crushed. I never did anything to warrant this and in order to ease the distance I told him he could even sleep with other women, as long as we return to monogamy when I get back. I was 100% okay with this (truly) and I feel like I had been such a supportive, loving, fantastic partner. He and I both told each other that though we were allowed to, we have never slept with another person. He has never given me a reason to mistrust him, so I believe that. I don't know what happened, and he won't even talk to me anymore but he won't block or remove me from anything. I'm now going to end up in the Netherlands alone, so back to square one. The problem is my new job and university are about 10 minutes from him so I'll always be reminded of the "what if?"

I fucking miss him and the not knowing why he did this hurts most of all. I want to call him when I get there (it's such a sad thought that the only way he will answer me is if I call from an unknown Dutch number...) and ask him out for a beer just to get closure, but what's the point? I'm heartbroken.