Reading [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/25q5vs/iff_behold_its_not_all_man/) thread, I thought it might be useful to address how insisting "not all men" derails discussion and how this, specifically, relates to safe space.  
  
First, we've gotten caught up in a discussion of women making generalizations about men. From participating in r/TwoX for a long time, I can't think of an instance where someone has said *all* men are blahblahblah. On the contrary, the generalizations I see are about women's OWN experiences. As in, I often don't feel comfortable in suchandsuch situation. Or generalizations about their lives in certain institutions or fields.  
  
So it seems to me that posters are defending the propriety of "not all men" statements based on a largely hypothetical situation. I'm not saying it never happens, just that it isn't some huge issue here. This is a red herring issue, but it betrays a common misconception/anxiety that feminism is concerned with misandry rather than gender equality.  
  
What does this have to do with "safe space" or a forum for women's issue? It is a common understanding that different spaces on the internet have their own culture, which newcomers need to learn in order to participate effectively. This is common sense, right?  
  
But when it comes to women's issues, it seems that we cannot assume that newcomers will make this effort. I'm seeing a lot of complaining that this sub is unwelcoming. I'm seeing a lack of understanding about derailing. I'm seeing a lot of posts that start out "as a man." Now who feels I am generalizing about *them* specifically?  
  
No, this is not a "safe space" like a "safe room." People can come and go, and people can flame here. What made this place feel safe was that women (and their allies) could discuss issues without being constantly interrupted. If you want to post here without really understanding this culture, perhaps it is time to ask yourself: why? If you think this is the appropriate place to insist on men's representation, perhaps it is time to ask yourself: why?  
  
edit: formatting
  
