Hey ladies. Okay, so, for as long as I can remember I've wanted to leave Texas. I was born and raised here but I just feel like I'm supposed to be elsewhere. In my junior year of high school, I was really starting to think about colleges and places I wanted to go. Big city is what I wanted. New York. Chicago. Boston. And I was prepared to start applying and getting ready for a new huge chapter. But then, the summer before senior year, my mother died. Everything was turned upside-down. There was no way I could leave my dad or older brother or my niece and nephew who she was raising at the time. So I stayed and started school here in Texas.
Fast forward to January 2013, going into my second semester of freshman year. My dad and my brother Cody (father to the niblings I mentioned before) decided to up and leave to South Texas to work in the oil fields (cliche, I know). Let me just give some back story on my bro: Cody has never been father of the year. He had my nephew when he was 15, and my niece when he was 16, and still at 25 he has yet to step up and be there for them. So, since my mom died, these kids have been living with their mother, who's a complete basket-case herself, and their grandmother, who is doing her best. SO, after my dad and Cody left, I made sure to pick up the slack and do everything I could to make sure those kids knew they were loved. 
I got a great job for an 18 year old, moved into my own apartment, and started making a little life. I had a schedule perfectly aligned and money specifically set aside where I would get the kids every third weekend. During this time, we'd go to the movies, Lego Land, museums, swimming, aquariums, plays, and basically anything that would make them know that this time with me was special. But then, my dad and brother came back. By this time it's October and I'm refusing to let the kids see the father who hasn't contacted them in 9 months. These amazing children don't deserve to be on this roller-coaster of emotions. But alas, I can't hide them forever, and they finally got to spend time with Cody. Since then, things have been okay. They've had a lot of fun with their dad and he seemed to be getting a little better. But I've seen this before, and once again, I was right for thinking it wouldn't last. Last week, Cody moved 3 hours away for a job. Do his children know yet? No. Guess who has to tell them? Me. And guess who just got accepted to UMASS Boston with everything paid for and doesn't know what the fuck to do?

Me.

So, everyone, I'm asking for your input. Do I stay, or do I go? If I go, I'll 100% make sure that I'm accessible to those kids. I'll call, Skype, pigeon-gram, whatever I have to do. But if I stay, I'll be able to get them whenever I want and show them how much I love and care about them. This is the hardest position I've ever been in. Please help. 

TL;DR Always wanted to move away from TX, and I have just been offered to attend UMASS Boston with everything paid for. But, my niece and nephew live here and the thought of one more person leaving them kills me. Need advice.