Hello, everyone. First, the usual "I'm sorry this is so long" disclaimer. As with most things in life, my question is complicated. 

I'm the female in my straight relationship and I've never been good at maintaining my house. I know how to cook and to clean, but I don't do it efficiently, I don't motivate myself to do it, basically dread doing anything around the house (except for cooking, which is something I'm really good at and enjoy doing). 

My husband has a call-center job and he works from home. I am a paralegal at a law firm about a 30 minute commute from our house. He makes more money than me, and he had to go through extensive training to do his job, and he really dislikes the work. I also have a skilled job, and have to interface with terrible coworkers, terrible phone calls, useless projects, mind-numbing filing and transcription. My job is extremely high-stress due to a crazy boss, the commute, and the nature of the work.

When I get home, I usually find that a lot of the housework has been done. I'm usually exhausted. But my husband acts like his day is just beginning when he finishes work. He showers and gets dressed at 5 in the afternoon, before he goes either to class or is just hanging around the house with me. He's fresh and ready when I'm exhausted and feel like an empty bag.

A lot of the time when I get home, the first thing he says is that we need to go to the grocery store, I need to do the dishes, I need to fold the laundry. He then proceeds to do none of this with me because he already “spent all day doing that.”

Now, I never ask him to do any of the cleaning. He does this on his own. I could care less, honestly. But, he wants the house clean, and I'm willing to work with him within reason. There are things that I basically do exclusively: I fold the laundry after he runs it through the machines; I clean and replace litter in the cat box and rat cages; I feed and water the dog; I mop the floors (which, due to a disgusting gooey medicine our dog has to take, is an extremely labor-intensive chore requiring scrubbing and at least an hour of my time), I do the dishes occasionally, amongst some other tasks. While these things don't happen every day, I certainly make sure they get done when necessary.

Because of my terrible job, I never feel able to clean during the week (although I do it after we have an argument, most of the time. He always wins). He lords it over me that he spent "all day" cleaning, that he's constantly cleaning the house, that I don't do anything to help him. He acts like he can’t possibly imagine how I wouldn’t have time to do any cleaning, even though we spend 100% of our free time together—he knows when I’m busy, tired, doing a different project.

We are both part-time students who work full time. On top of that, I also volunteer with a group that pairs trained adults with children in the juvenile court system approximately 30 hours per month, a commitment that requires extensive training and continued learning to maintain my certification. I'm dedicated to my education, my job (as terrible as it is) and my kid who I volunteer with.

We're both busy, but my husband is AVAILABLE and NOT EXHAUSTED when it comes time to clean. He is motivated to clean and he gets it done. I believe that while equal rights in a relationship is important, it is straining our otherwise blissful new marriage. 

Oh, on top of that, my husband will be quitting his (much higher-paying) job to do school full-time very soon, and I have committed to waiting to do the same until he finishes his degree. This means locking myself into my job for at least another year and a half, while he pursues his passions at art school. I'm more than willing to do this for him, because his happiness is an important part of our relationship, and I am a huge supporter of the arts and film (his major)--I just feel that this should be taken into consideration when telling me that I don't "do anything" around the house, and I'm getting more and more upset that I'm making this huge commitment without recognition for the other things I do in our relationship.

I'm just ranting. I feel like if my situation was opposite, it wouldn’t be up for discussion. The woman always cleans, the man isn’t expected to clean as much as her because he’s tired and busy. Damn it all, I want to be that “man!” And I think it’s only fair based on our workloads, my personality, and his personality. Also, have read totally non-scientific articles in Time magazine and similar that "perfectly equal" relationships can be stressful and lead to higher rates of divorce.

*So here's the question, TwoX:* based on the info above, should I pull more weight when it comes to cleaning, or am I right in feeling that we don't necessarily *have* to be equal on this, and that he is better equipped to get a larger portion of this housework done?

tl;dr: I'm a girl but I'm crappy at cleaning and I hate it, and I have an insanely busy life that results in me being exhausted at the end of the day. My husband is good at it, gets it done regularly, but bitches and moans that I don't help constantly, says that we need to do exactly equal amounts of housework. I want to know if I need to just grow a pair and clean more or if I am right that he is more than able to take on a little more of that task. 