The girl I have known since high school, though we are not particularly close. We hang out a lot, but we are not deep-call-you-if-something goes on in my life confidents. But we are friendly.

So when she became engaged I was happy for her. And she begin planning a -huge- wedding with about 7 bridesmaids, I was surprised to be invited but said yes. (Although her fiance having so many close friends probably played a large part). I had been a bridesmaid before and spent around 100 dollars. My best friend had been planning a casual wedding (that got canceled) and costs were similar.

We are young college students or newly graduated. Weddings are not exactly super grand. I myself graduated a week ago and could not even afford to walk! I have been unemployed since january when I began student teaching and went through my savings. All things she knew! While I am waiting tables this summer and applying for teaching jobs, I am in pretty bad financial state. 

Then she started planning. First was the bachelorette party- it -has- to be out of town. She wants to go to new orleans for four days and hit up the city. Sounds fun...a little pricey.. but ok. But her sister mentioned "and don't forget, it's customary for the bride not to pay!"--- which I could get if we went out drinking in town or whatever, but not paying for a four day trip?

And then she sent out pictures of a dress. A dress that costs 250 dollars and will never be worn again. This does not include shipping or alterations! Or shoes or makeup or hair or jewelry. 

Tonight I broached it, when she brought it up and mentioned that I wasn't sure how I could afford both. 

She claimed it was cheap for a bridesmaid dress, when I told her it was more than a week's pay she asked if my parents would pay for it?? I was a little frustrated and asked if -her- parents could. 

Then she changed tactics and said I -had- to be at the bachelor party and mentioned that if I was going to new orleans with my boyfriend this summer then there was no reason I couldn't go to her bachelorette party in october (WHICH I ALSO DOUBT I WILL BE ABLE TO GET TIME OFF FROM MY HOPEFULLY NEW TEACHING JOB-which she also dismissed). 

I reminded her that we are couchsurfing and only staying for three days. Boyfriend refuses to take gas money. The whole trip will probably cost under 100 dollars. Not to mention we have been planning this since last fall! But she didn't seem to get it.

She has not formally asked me yet and I think is planning on making pinteresty invitations. Can I back out now?

