I see a lot of hate for the "not all men" argument but isn't this a statement that feminists must agree with? Feminism has been described to me as an ideology that pursues equal treatment for all so generalizations should not be a part of a logical speculation. I may seem ignorant posting about feminism here because not everyone who's genitals are inside their bodies consider themselves feminists. I do believe that most of those that do confess feminists ideals are only moderate in their beliefs and Americans as a whole fail to promote gender equality, no matter where your genitals reside. Take this video for example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MN4sMISyYgk. The "not all men" argument is being made all over the place but I believe this argument is obsolete in this scenario. Why do people expect the abused in this situation to be so helpless? Because the person can be labeled as a she? Why do people expect women to be so docile and rarely talk about victim hardening (making it less possible for a crime to be committed against a victim)? What I truly do not understand is why are victims labeled as women seen as more vulnerable to males that are victimized? Rape is a violent crime that happens to all (prison rapes exceed the amount made in the public and the majority of these victims are males) yet many who post in this subreddit see it as a crime that targets women. It has been said in this subreddit that women are socialized to fear men because of the real dangers they face. But isn't this fear irrational and a product of socializing women to be a part of a gender that sees themselves as inferior in terms of strength and capability? Especially since someone labeled as a male will experience more violence in their lifetime than someone labeled as a female. I have nothing against this subreddit but it seems to provide evidence that the marginalization of the sexes through gender is here to stay. Maybe I'm just gender biased and want there to be a single gender with stoic qualities. I'll call myself a gender Nazi for that reason.  