I'm a 2nd year engineering student, and part of my degree involves taking 4 month co-op jobs in a relevant field. So I just finished my 2nd work term, and on the last day, my 65 year old project manager sat me down in a meeting room and said some shit like "now he can tell me what he couldn't say before" and told me he loved me and that he was "surprised I made my way into his heart". Then he gave me a scarf and said "I imagined you'd look good in this scarf. My imagination is rarely wrong". At this point I felt totally creeped out and disgusted, but I sorta just smiled and nodded politely. Maybe he was just being a sentimental old man right?


He drives me home a lot, because I live on the same route he takes, and we work the same hours. So on the last day, he asked to drive me home again. I was kinda feeling iffy about it, because of what happened earlier, so I tried to stall by saying goodbye to everyone. He waited almost 45 minutes, after I kept telling him it's okay, I can just take the bus. So I pretty much had to get in his car. 


We made small talk, and he asked me what I was going to do that night. I told him I was going to play Age of Empires with my best friend, and his response was "... I wish I could be there, but oh well..." I went home and I tried so hard to tell myself that he was just a sentimental old man and didn't have any creepy intentions, but in the back of my head I knew something was wrong. I broke down and cried to my boyfriend for like an hour. I'm so glad he didn't do anything physical in the car. thinking back, I shouldn't have accepted that ride with him. 


I actually feel so grossed out and violated. My entire 4 month work term just feels wrong now, if I think about him thinking whatever thoughts about me. He's always commented on how nice my nails are, and how well I dress. It's so horrible that women in male dominated fields have to put up with this sort of implied harassment. I talked to a coworker about my creepy boss, and she told me that a coworker from her old job grabbed her boobs on the last week of school. And then I was talking to a classmate who was also working in a similar job, and a 30 year old married coworker kept asking her if she would date him if he wasn't married. 


These sort of unwelcome advances are more common than people think, especially in fields like engineering or computer science. It's so sad that young women who go into these fields have to put up with this shit from older coworkers or bosses, and can't do anything about it. Often people talk about physical sexual harassment and rape, but sexually implied verbal harassment hurts too. It makes you feel violated and dirty. I tell my male friends about this, and they're all so surprised that these things happen. They'll rarely experience a female boss hitting on them or a unwelcome female coworker grabbing their crotch. It's very unfortunate that women have to deal with this shit. 