My mother had delicate wrists, something you would never know by that audacious signature of hers. God only knows how many school demerits and failed tests of mine she was forced to put that same signature on or how many times I tried to forge it.

She was, by no means, meek or shy, but the filigree of her finely-wrought frame, genteel demeanor, and her angelic soprano voice were a stark contrast to the clumsy, booming impenitence of her younger daughter. Especially when I was little, people never quite believed we were related, and, as I grew rougher around the edges and endlessly stubborn, it also became very hard for us to see eye to eye, especially about my desire to become a musician.

She was a braver woman than I could really understand when I was a teen. She looked death in the face with tireless compassion during her days as a hospice nurse. She studied forensics and law ravenously and became a PI to help protect those in danger and right the wrongs of the world around her in the best way she could. Even at that age, I couldn't help but think she deserved her name to be carved into the face of the earth, that her soft voice and her dainty wrists couldn't do her own story justice.

The last time I saw her, I was 18 years old. She had never heard any song I'd written before and she was perched upright on a terrible foraged sofa in my dilapidated shack, with impeccable posture, a glass of red wine, and a look on her face that read, "Allll right, Lily. Let's see what it is, exactly, you've thrown your college education away for."

I played her a song, a song about how I wished people would stop trying to "fix" me. I was so terrified, I could barely bring myself to look at her while I ham-fistedly beat out my very primitive rhythms and wailed in a tone I knew she'd never heard from me before. When I finally looked to her, I saw her posture had broken and her eyes were full of tears. 

She came to me and said, "there *is* nothing to fix." She said that, this time, she truly heard my voice and finally understood why I had never quite fit into the life she saw for me. She said that she knew, then, the life she wanted for *herself* was one in which she got to hear me sing, just like that, always, in a way she never could.

It was was through her acceptance, and her devastating passing, I realized how wrong I had been about her. Her voice, while different than mine, held a magic I could only hope to, one day, attain. Her story never *was* in danger of being lost. Her charm, her grace, her unstoppable wit, and her flare for performance had never even left *this* realm or all the lives of the people she had changed and helped, even in the next.

Rosalind Nelson Jewett, I am the flicks of your hand in your cutthroat capital R's, the sharp peaks of your curling O's, the conviction in your lowercase D's, the flourish and triumph you used every time you struck through those final two T's, blooming from the tip of your pen, streaming from your delicate wrists, onto all of the detention slips you had to sign.

You were the most beautiful woman I ever knew, in every way possible, and you loved me for who I really was. I promise I will spend the rest of my life forging your signature, this time, out of steel, for all the world to see.


Thank you to anyone who read this. It means the world to me. Happy Mother's Day to you all.