I am a 24F and I'm having trouble keeping my head above water. I don't really know the best place to start so if this gets long and/or rambly, I apologize in advance. I'll try to put in plenty of paragraph breaks. 

In terms of what's relative to my pain right now I have to go back to October of 2010 when I got engaged to my high school sweetheart who we will call T. I took it as an opportunity for personal growth by knowing that I had to dedicate myself to finding a female friend because I would need someone to stand there and be my Maid of Honor. This led me to a girl from our circle of friends who we will call W. She was in the same major as me, she was dating our roommates best friend, she seemed perfect for me in every way. I stepped out of my comfort zone and forced myself to interact with her, ask her to go out with me, and finally I worked up the courage to ask her to be my MOH and she accepted. I thought we were "platonic soul mates" and that I had really made the college friend everyone makes who lasts their whole life. 

I keep erasing a bunch of what I type, trying to remember what's relevant and what's not! To make a very long story short, T and W are engaged now. Less than a full year since T and my annulment became official (because of my Depression we were able to get this even though we were married for a little over a year), when he still has a couple of pictures from our wedding on his Facebook, he is engaged to the girl who was my MOH at our wedding. This alone sucks, super super super duper hard. W more or less abandoned me after swearing she wouldn't. Neither of them even bothered to tell me they were getting engaged, I had to find out on Facebook.

So what was I up to during the year that they apparently were falling into some kind of whirlwind romance that made the most cautious guy I ever knew propose after about a year of being with someone? Well, I thought I was having my own whirlwind romance. I met a guy online just a bit after T and I agreed we would file for annulment and it was a great distraction and confidence booster to flirt a bit with this guy through texting and online stuff. Well, once I moved out and found out about T and W I decided that even though it seemed too early to be messing with anything like that, that maybe since T and I had such a platonic relationship anyways for so many years that it was natural. So I met my online dream boat and it was amazing. Fast forward to December of last year and I'm graduating college and moving to be with him. Fast forward a little bit further to now and I've realized I've been controlled, realized that all of the confidence I had built up through having the strength to end my broken marriage has been systematically torn down by the man that I've been loving. 

I realized that I was genuinely beginning to feel that I was crazy and that he was right, I was making all kinds of shit up about things he did that made me feel certain ways. I began to feel that I was too sensitive and emotional. I try to think of what the breaking point was, but there were so many. My sadness always got twisted into being about him. When I confessed how devastated I was about W and T being engaged, all I got was an angry response that I shouldn't care about my ex. I couldn't trust a single thing he did or said as genuine, and I knew I had to get out. 

So that's where I'm at now. I'm supposed to move back in with my parents on Monday but now there is bad weather that's putting all of that up in the air. I'm still living with my new ex and we're both on an emotional roller coaster where one moment we're getting along and being kind to each other and supportive, wanting to preserve as much of the good as possible so we can look back at our time together and smile and the next moment he's condescending and selfish. 

I have no good leads on jobs back home, even though I have applied for about seven. I am terrified of moving in with my parents and never leaving again. I am terrified of never finding love. I constantly feel like screaming, like my skeleton is trying to claw out of my mouth. I cry at my desk. I'll have moments where I feel uplifted and positive, but they go away fast. There are things I need to do, like fill my Wellbutrin prescription and exercise more to help myself get out of this slump but no amount of knowing I need to do that stuff is making me do it. I have no friends that I can spend time with, I have no female friends at all that I can talk to about any of it. I'm too afraid to open up completely to the couple of female school friends that I do still keep in some contact with. I'm too afraid to open up completely with anyone in real life about how abusive this relationship has been. 

I feel like I'm circling a black hole and close to disappearing forever. 

**TL;DR: I'm a mid-twenties girl who's ex-husband is engaged to the girl who was my Maid of Honor and the only female friend I've ever made on my own, my own relationship is over and I'm hundreds of miles away from home waiting to return with no good job leads, and no personal or female support. 
