Hello! Sorry it's been so long since my [last post](http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/21mdm7/pregnant_and_terrified/), I've just been extremely busy taking care of end of term school projects and sorting everything out. I'd like to take this chance to thank everyone who helped me in my time of confusion, your comments and advice really cleared my head and allowed me to make good decisions. 

I mentioned in my last post that I was almost certain that we'd either go with an abortion, or carry to term and adopt. However after a lot of thought and consideration, my boyfriend and I have decided to keep our baby and raise them with the support of those around us. In the time since my last post, so much has happened. We told both of our parents, who after differing reactions all came through and are fully supportive. It's going to be a huge change for my parents, but one that they're seeing as an opportunity instead of a challenge. The friends that we've told have, for the most part, been alright with it. Word obviously gets around, and there's one or two people who "let it slip" to others that I didn't want to know, but over the course of the next few years that's something I'm prepared to deal with. There's a lot of stigmas my boyfriend and I will face as young parents, and challenges as we continue with our education both during and after high school, but with the support of family and friends I know we can do it! We may have to take a different path to it, but in the end we'll still achieve our goals. And now we have some very strong motivation to succeed and build a good life. There's some good programs in our area as well that provide a lot of resources for people in my situation, and we're slowly putting plans in place to prepare for everything. 

Again, I'd like to thank everyone who has given advice in one form or another. I'm extremely grateful for it, as it reassured me that everything would be alright and allowed me to think clearly. You guys are fantastic :) 