Hello. 

I'm a fat 19F. I've spent most of my life hating myself and how I look. I yoyoed from 360 to 230 to 280 again. Now I'm at 270 with a light diet, but unfortunately have developed an eating disorder. I cant eat more than once a day without having horrific self hatred.

However, with my clothes on in certain outfits I feel like I look nice. I carry my weight well and my legs are muscular from sports as a kid plus walking several miles a week. My boyfriend lovingly insists he finds me ravishing and regularly kisses my belly when I feel glum. But in general, my clothes are old, ill fitting, and ratty. Not something a young starting business professional type person should were. (I'm considering myself an entrepreneur and an artist) 

Today, another plus size, older friend of mine took me clothes shopping. I had no idea what I was doing and she helped me pick out bright, workplace appropriate clothes that I felt pretty in. I sold my 3DS and pokemon X [ :( ] and had some money to play with. She took me to a thrift shop called 'one more chance plus' an d she helped me pick out cute business professional clothing since I had got a very awesome internship at a very notable art gallery in my city. And I got so many pretty things to wear. Two button ups (with no gaps on my boobs), light, flowy shirts, a perfectly cut to my size plum blazer, a black pencil skirt, a black a line dress and pearls. In total 8 or 9 garments that I can mix and match with my exisiting wardrobe to have a fun, business casual look that I so desperately want to achieve, all for about 100 dollars. 

And while trying on those clothes and looking in the middle, I hardly let my eyes linger on my stretch marks, or my floppy boobs in ill fitting bra (I know I'm not a DD, but I can't afford bras that fit), or my arms and the way they swelled.. instead, I saw how these cute outfits I thought girls like me couldn't wear, totally wearing it.

And I didn't cry in the dressing room for the first time in 3 years. 