Hello, TwoXers. Serious post, with a trigger warning for sexual assault. It might be long, for which I apologise, though I sincerely appreciate anyone who takes the time to read it to the end. 

I'm a 17 year old girl (England, so the AoC is 16), and I broke up with my ex-boyfriend at the end of January this year. He is 19. I'm going to cut to the chase about it: I feel as though on more than one occasion my ex sexually assaulted me. On one occasion, it was ~3am and I was almost passed out with tiredness. He asked if he could sleep inside me. I was reluctant, knowing he would try and actively have sex with me if I said yes, but was too tired and too weary of his nagging to disagree. As predicted, he began to have sex with me. I began to cry. He asked if he should stop, and concerned that if I said "yes" he would confront me and try and keep me awake with emotionally manipulative jargon - he was a big fan of "Why don't you want to have sex with me? Do you not find me attractive? Why don't you want me?" and such kinds of rhetoric). As such, I muttered that he could continue. I quietly kept crying until at some point falling asleep. I can't remember when it ended - whether it was with him finishing, or me falling asleep. 

This was but one occasion. On another, I was already crying and upset, with lots of oral pain as a result of a tooth in need of a filling. He started attempting to seduce me, saying that if I had sex with him, I would feel better. Despite my tears and negative body language, he tried to have sex with me. I continued to cry. Eventually I was allowed to climb off of him. 

When I was ill with a chest infection/spells of vomiting in December, he came over for a couple of nights to look after me. Rather than looking after me, he spent the entire time complaining that I didn't want to have sex with him despite the fact that I was in immense pain and could barely move. At regular intervals he would try and kiss me, and then would finger me or try and perform oral sex upon me when I was simply trying to rest and watch something on Netflix.

There have been various other occasions. These are just the most distinct in my head. I felt entirely violated. At the time, I excused his behaviour, because he loved me, and he was my first boyfriend, and I knew no better. I stuck with him because I convinced myself, by way of low self-esstem, that he would be the only person who would ever love me - a ridiculous kind of teenage hyperbole, I know, and also untrue.

My concern is that I'm just seeing assault where it didn't occur, and that people would not take me seriously were I to confide in them whilst knowing contextually what our relationship was like.

Firstly, I'm relatively into kink pursuits and we did act-out rape roleplays from time to time. However, these were always consensual and the parameters were agreed upon beforehand. (Caveat: on one definite occasion, I distinctly remember he slapped me in the face during one such roleplay, despite a lack of my consent for such behaviour.) In this sense, I worry that both third parties and my boyfriend would think that I'm just being dramatic if "that sort of stuff" was what I was into anyway.

Secondly, I didn't actively and assertively say "no". On occasions there was a "get off me", at which point he usually did, but when I felt pressured into continuing (i.e., when I was tired and crying), I didn't say no. He thought it was acceptable to continue, because despite the fact that I felt completely violated, I said he could carry on. 

I don't know if I'm being completely unreasonable to feel abused. I have had nightmares about these events, and sporadic panic attacks. I feel humiliated and violated - on many occasions when I was with him, my body didn't feel like my own.

I don't know what to think or how to feel, and I would appreciate any light any of you lovely ladies could possibly shine upon this situation. If there's any information necessary to clarify anything, I will be most likely more than happy to provide it (unless it is very personal). Thank you in advance. x