Dear 2X,

I come once again to your doors for advice (via a throwaway)!  If there’s another similar post elsewhere please link me to it – on a quick scan, I can’t find anything.  It’s not an exceptional situation by any means.

I am a woman in my early thirties.  Last year I took up acrobatics – this wasn’t completely new territory to me, as I’ve been doing competitive pole dancing and aerial hoop for several years (competed and won nationally), I used to be a gymnast and contortionist, I’m a weightlifter and involved in numerous competitive sports.  In short – I am very fit, very strong and very capable.  This is important later.
	
In short, I’m pretty sure the acrobatics instructor has taken a massive dislike to me, and I cannot understand why.  I’ve ruled out constructive criticism, motivation, hidden jealousy or whatever the initial thoughts are.  As she runs the acrobatics school and it’s the only one I can travel to, she has the potential to make my life very difficult and there’s nowhere else I can go, and there’s no one more senior I can report her to.  I could understand her dislike of me if I was mouthy or loud in class, but I’m really quiet, I listen carefully, keep myself to myself, do what I’m told and rarely speak unless I’m spoken to.  I’m also in the middle of the batch when it comes to ability – I’m not the best but I’m far from the worst.  Generally unremarkable.  I’m there to learn new skills.    

Some examples of her treatment:
Every week she criticises me in warm up.  Very often it’s ONLY me that gets picked on.  It’s usually very minor stuff…one week she said I wasn’t pointing my toes enough, then when I pointed them, she said they were too pointed.  I looked round and the majority of the class were also not pointing their toes.  In fact, there could be 20 people there, and most of them are making the exact same small “mistakes” as me, and often many are doing things a lot worse.  She’s not helpful when she offers her criticism….she might snap “….I’ve told you before to point your toes, Jesus”, or just plain “…you’re doing this wrong.  Again.  STOP IT.”    

I asked her to show me a move again as I wanted to be sure of the positions etc.  This is a common request, and in the interests of safety, we’re encouraged to ask. She generally does things as many times as people ask.  When I asked, she stood up facing me, near nose to nose and said “Why should I?  Were you not paying attention?”  I opened my mouth to answer and she replied “look, just shup up, ok?  I’ll do it again.” 

After teaching me for several months AND performing in several shows she attended, she randomly decided one week that “I wasn’t strong enough for her class”.  This would be fine, bar the fact that I’m more than strong enough (see piece above about history in sport etc), I had already demonstrated these moves to her plenty of times and to add confusion, there are people in her class who genuinely aren’t strong enough.  This is an all abilities class, there are some absolute beginners there who can’t even tumble and she said because I couldn’t hold a split handstand for 30s that I “just wasn’t capable”.  She actually sent me home in front of everyone.  Another instructor (who I’ve competed with in pole comps) was horrified and demanded I come back the next week.  This nice instructor has now left.  

Most recently, she told me to “stop talking, you always over explain everything” when I mentioned that I was off last week and she had ASKED US if we’d be present in the last few weeks when a stand-in was teaching.  When I mentioned it she announced loudly in front of everyone she wasn’t sure if she should let me do training tonight because I wasn’t there last week and “who knows what critical thing I missed”.  I was genuinely shocked because 1. I very rarely speak, as I mentioned and 2. We were doing things I’ve done LOTS in the past.

So there we go 2x, I’m sorry for the rant.  I am genuinely confused and I want to try and sort this out.  Any advice?  If it’s any help, I’m nervous about confronting her because she is highly irrational and very snappy and emotional.  If she decides it, she could pretty much refuse to teach me and I’d have no -where else to go to learn this stuff.  
