It's been a month. I've regretted it since the next day. 

When he came inside me I knew. We always used either a condom or he pulled out, and we've never had this scare before. We got too much into it and couldn't lift me off him on time. He came inside me, and I knew what it would lead to. 

For days afterwards I wondered how to tell him. I hoped he'd be happy and love it as much as I already did. I'd wanted a child so badly. He'd mentioned to me that he wanted one, too. Even though when we started dating he said he'd never have one. He thought I'd make a good mother and that changed his mind. 

It wasn't until a month later, March 17th that I got the test done, because I was about a week late. I took the test he had from the dollar store in his bathroom "just in case" for years. Positive. I ran out to Rexall and bought a $20 test. 4+ weeks, it said. 

I drove to my sisters house with the test, beginning to panic now. No one would be happy for me. Everyone would say 21 is too young to have a child. My family would disown me. 

My sister was so happy for me. She touched my belly and coo'd. And for once, I felt like this might happen. She offered me all her baby hand-me downs and told me if I needed anything i could count on her for support. My others sisters reaction was the same. She came over to my house and sat beside me on the couch with her hand on my belly. And even though it wasn't big enough to even show, the little thing still had presence in my heart and mind. 

When my boyfriend came home I told him, hoping so badly that he'd want this as much as I did. He didn't. He told me he thought we should abort, and I sadly agreed to it. I'd always promised him I wouldn't be one of those women who don't care about the fathers right. I promised him if we were to get pregnant, he had just as much say as I did and I was not going to go one way while he wanted the other. 

I did a lot of crying. He kept telling me "I had to make a decision" and I'd yell back at him that the decision was made, even though I was clearly against it. He told me he'd support me in anything, and even though he didn't think it was the right time that if I had to have it, he had to know ASAP so he could quit schooling and find a career that could support us. I told him no, that I wouldn't go back on my word and that I was just sad. 

We went to the appointment to see how far along I was. They wouldn't do the abortion without knowing for sure. I wasn't asked to see the monitor and I didn't want to ask, but I was angry that he was allowed to see and I wasn't, from where he has. All the movies the mothers get to see the monitors. They point out features, they smile at you and tell you it will be okay. But this wasn't like the movies, and there were no smiles. 

The abortion was planned for a month later. Scheduled by the clinic on his birthday, April 11th. He seemed indifferent to that, just mentioning that it was an odd birthday present. 

The next month was unbearable. My morning sickness was so bad I needed to go to the doctor for a prescription to help it. I threw up all morning all day. I couldn't get out of bed, and I couldn't go anywhere in my house because somewhere, a smell would set me off. I started to get angry at my body. It didn't have to prepare for the pregnancy, it was going to be done soon! I just wanted it all to go away. I got severely depressed, my boyfriend supported me in any way he could but i just stayed in bed and slept. I had to miss a week of work. I work with food, and couldn't smell anything strong without puking. I was driving to the store and had to pull over to throw up. Got it all over my legs and steering wheel because I couldn't get out the door on time. 

Near the end of this I passed out in a bank. I woke up on the floor with women surrounding me asking if I was all right. I was led to a chair, given cookies and water and the first question the lady asked me was if I was pregnant. I said yes. She told me I should go to the doctor just to make sure the baby is okay. I started crying and told her it wasn't necessary. I was due to terminate in a weeks time. People were a lot less thoughtful then, and I drove home. 

My sister drove me to the abortion. I was 9 weeks by this point. My boyfriend held my hand during the whole two hour wait. He had to go to the bathroom before the ultrasound, so I got to ask for a picture. I wouldn't have asked if my boyfriend was there. 

The questionaire they had me fill out asked me who's decision this was. I wrote in big letters "MINE." It didn't feel like mine. 

The procedure was painless. He held my hand for the needle and I remember feeling very uncomfortable with her seeing my vagina, but I don't remember anything else. Then they brought me to recovery and had me sit with a pad to soak up the blood. I felt immediate regret. I ate cookies and water until they needed the spot and sent me home. My sister drove me. When I got home, I went to bed. 

All evidence of what happened to me is gone. All except the birth control pills they had me start the next day. Each time I take that pill, it's a counter of how log it's been since I lost that chance at a child. Each night I have to hold back tears. 

My boyfriend thinks I'm fine. I'm not. At work I see babies all the time, and I feel immediate regret all over again. Mother's Day was so difficult. My step dad was mocking me the whole time- "this will be the new mother next year, huh?? Your turn!" He doesn't know about the abortion or he would be more careful, I'm sure. 

I miss the fetus. It would have been about 13 weeks by now. I think I'll regret it forever. Counting down my destroyed baby's would-be-birthday and milestones. 

Sorry for the long post.  Just need to vent.  