You know how sometimes, when you discover something out of place, your brain will jump to horrible, terrible things? That happened to me yesterday as I preemptively placed my Diva Cup before starting W1D2 of C25K. In the process I noticed something not quite right with my labia... There were bumps, and not little ones either. Cue the brain jumping to horrible, terrible things.

I came out of the bathroom and told my boyfriend that I was pretty sure something was up with my genitals. Did I mention I started crying? I started crying. Not so much because something seemed to be going on with my body, but because of a conversation me and my boyfriend had had before we started dating. You see, we met online and got to know each other pretty well in the time leading up to my move to the same area he lived in. This included having some of the more difficult and important conversations such as what each of us want out of life and a relationship (we match up so well, it was crazy amazing) as well as STD testing and deal breakers. Sexual health is super important to him (score, right?!) so he had always been pro-active about being tested and ensuring his partners are as well since he never wants to wind up with something he could have for life (see why I was starting to freak out yet?). I divulged that I had been treated for Chlamydia in my past, but that I would get fully screened again to be extra sure everything was good (and I did...twice!).

Here we are now, about to celebrate our one year anniversary and I have it in my brain that I might lose him over whatever is going on. After I tell him what I discovered, he held me and told me he loved me and that it was probably fine and that I should make a doctor appointment to have it checked out. Instead of waiting, I decided that I would take advantage of having a Planned Parenthood a block away from where we live. He offered to come with me and after telling him no at first, he offered again and I took him up on it.

Before I continue, I must say that I loved the staff at this Planned Parenthood. I didn't feel judged or uncomfortable and they were just so helpful and nice to me.

Anyway... Genital warts. I didn't cry when the doctor told me about it, but I did when she answered my question about him probably being exposed to it, especially since we don't use condoms. She answered all of my questions: "Is there anyway to estimate how long they have been there?" ("Not really, but with how small a lot of these are it really could only have been a couple days") "Would this have shown on an STD screening?" ("No.") When asked if I wanted to start treatment on them, I decided to go for it and have them frozen. 

Let me tell you, not fun. All in all, she said there were about 30 of them, most of them small and I had them near my anus as well. As she lit my bits on fire with q-tips, I thought about how I would tell my boyfriend when I went back out to the waiting room and how he might react. I had been in there awhile and he was probably worried. The doctor had given me a piece of paper with information on genital warts with treatment options and info on how to protect your partner. Essentially, there is a good chance that he now has this strain of HPV in his system (if he didn't already have it before, who knows?). Until mine clear up, it is best to use condoms to reduce risk and to help mine go away even faster. 

As we walk out of Planned Parenthood, he asks me what was up. I handed him the paper the doctor had given me and he glanced through it. I told him that I asked if this would have been something that would show up on a screening and what her answer was and that he was most likely been exposed.

His response? "No big deal, honey. I love you." And cue giant fears just  flying away. While he was in the waiting room, he read a ton of pamphlets, including one on genital warts, so he already had a lot of the facts when I told him.

I think the biggest downside for the week about this, aside from the burning genital region, is the having to put of continuing C25K until I am healed up! I am also pretty sure bowel movement will suck for awhile as well...