I considered myself a fairly normal, intelligent, good person with a good judge of character - until I met my ex, let's call him Roger. Roger is genius-level perfect-score-on-SAT smart, good-looking, well-mannered and has fairly rich parents. He's charming and charismatic, so we instantly hit it off and start dating. About two months into the relationship, he starts getting quiet, withdrawn, and shifty. I discover a few months later that this is due to alcoholism. I take many steps to help this man - including getting him to stay through a whole rehab program, helping him get back to school, helping him find a new job after rehab, etc. About 9 months into the relationship, things turn into hell on earth - he starts drinking again, he's constantly suicidal and depressed, and as a result, he starts taking certain liberties with my body that I didn't agree to. He grabs my arms, he takes a pair of scissors and opens up a gash that is still scarred over a year later in my hand, destroys property, tears my clothes off, and generally makes me very afraid - so afraid that, after three months of this behavior, it takes discovering I have an STD (that I must have acquired from him cheating on me) to cause the fatal rift in our relationship. We break up (at the time he had been living with me) and he moves out. The very next day, he breaks into my apartment - and I consequently call the police. 
The man is on probation (due to no priors - he was looking at 2 years jail time, but got off with a plea deal) for 18 months and has a firm restraining ("protective") order against him. None of which, it seems, his new girlfriend knows about. 
I was unaware he was in a new relationship, unaware that his new girlfriend and I had a mutual friend, and have generally avoided any and everything remotely related to Roger in the year since our breakup. However, I received a phone call this morning from the mutual friend of his new girlfriend (we'll call the girlfriend Sheri). Sheri wants her friend, Jennifer, to give her my number, so that she can get poor Roger back into rehab - because he's apparently drinking again. I inform Jennifer of some of the details of our relationship, and tell her to tell Sheri (who I refuse to talk to) to GET OUT and get away from Roger. If he hasn't started his abuse yet, he likely will if he's drinking again. And now I feel panicked, I had put the man behind me, put the situation behind me, and it seems to have caught up with me again. I keep replaying some of the more gruesome events in my head and all I can think is that I'm concerned for the safety of Sheri. 
I don't know what to do. I feel like I should maybe talk to Sheri directly, try to get her to understand the danger she may be in, try to get her to see reason. But that may also be selfish - maybe he was just abusive towards me, and is trying to change. Should I really be so serious and fatalistic about a relationship I know next to nothing about? I don't know. All I know is that I'm a little terrified right now - turns out he's still in my hometown, in a relationship with a woman who attends the same college at my university, so I'll likely run into her even if I try to avoid it. 

TL;DR: Emotionally, physically, sexually abusive alcoholic ex-boyfriend has a new girlfriend who wants my help in getting him to stop drinking, and I'm terrified of even thinking about the past or talking to her, so I talked to her friend and told her to tell her friend to leave. 